Player: hi
Sissek: Greetingsss, dear guessst! What may I do for you? Bank businessss, perhapsss?
Player: name
Sissek: Sissek is my name.
Player: job
Sissek: I am running thisss bank.
Player: time
Sissek: It isss 8:02 am, precisssely.
Player: rumors / rumours / news
Sissek: If you want to hear sssome newsss, go to the market place. The tradersss there know all the gossssip.
Player: tibia
Sissek: It'sss the name of the world we live in.
Player: marapur
Sissek: It'sss thisss island here. At itsss centre lie the Ssstardance Mountainsss with the city Moonfall.
Player: thais / venore / carlin / edron / ab'dendriel / kazordoon / darashia
Sissek: I'm sssorry but I have never heard of thisss place.
Player: kilmaresh / issavi / krailos / oramond / rathleton
Sissek: I have never been there.
Player: elfs / elves / dwarves / dwarfs
Sissek: I don't know much about them.
Player: nilavarna
Sissek: He isss the raja of the coast folk. Their king ssso to sssay.
Player: candra
Sissek: She isss the daughter of Nilavarna, the coassstal nagasss' raja.
Player: saraki
Sissek: She isss the maharani of Moonfall and very beloved by her people.
Player: nihaka
Sissek: He isss the ssson of Saraki, our maharani.
Player: amra
Sissek: If you want to sssend a letter or parcel to sssomeone, asssk Amra at the possst office here in Moonfall.
Player: asphota
Sissek: Asssphota sellsss toolsss at the market of Sssilvertidesss.
Player: giri
Sissek: If you want to sssell some gemsss, Giri isss the one you ssshould asssk. You can find him at the market here in Moonfall.
Player: isika
Sissek: Isssika sellsss ammunition at the market of Sssilvertidesss.
Player: nipuna
Sissek: Nipuna isss ssselling wandsss and runesss at the market of Sssilvertidesss.
Player: sundara
Sissek: She isss a gifted alchemissst and isss selling potionsss at the market here in Moonfall.
Player: haani
Sissek: She isss a young two-leg from Issavi and isss ssselling two-leg friendly furniture at the market here in Moonfall.
Player: sessek
Sissek: He isss my brother and arrived together with me from Zzzao, a long time ago. He runsss the tavern in the Houssse of Ressst and Wisssdom here in Moonfall.
Player: udu
Sissek: She isss an assstronomer here in Moonfall and hasss a laboratory ssslightly away from the city.
Player: vrisaki
Sissek: She isss the shaman here, a very wissse woman with a ssstrong connection to the mountain spiritsss and the Moon Goddessss alike.
Player: tarisu
Sissek: He isss the coast folk'sss shaman, a powerful wave shaper.
Player: kaumudi
Sissek: Kaumudi isss one of our hatch-mothersss. That meansss she caresss for the eggsss of all of Moonfall'sss nagasss.
Player: dhira
Sissek: I'm not quite sssure, but I guessss he isss one of the coassstal nagasss' beaver keepersss.
Player: ziyad
Sissek: He hasss a magic carpet with which he can fly through the air. If you asssk him, he might be able to fly you to other islandsss or continentsss.
Player: bye
Sissek: Farewell!
