Player: hi
Chrak: Greetingz, competitor.
Player: name
Chrak: For you I'm ze mazter of ze ceremony. Zat iz all zat haz to matter to you.
Player: competitor / job
Chrak: I'm ze mazter of ze ceremony and ze gamez. I overzee zat everyzing iz handled accordingly to ze ancient traditionz. I'm ze one to teach ze rulez of ze tournament to ze competitorz .
Player: gamez / ceremony / traditionz
Chrak: Even at timez of ze firzt emperorz, ze tournament waz a great event to prove onez might and ztrengz. Firzt, ze mightiezt warriorz competed for a rank in ze imperial army. ...
Chrak: Later zey fought for ze great ruling familiez of ze land. Zey zent zeir greatezt warriorz to ze Izle of Ztrife and took great pride in providing ze mozt dangerouz and zuccezzful competitorz of ze tournament. ...
Chrak: Zince centuriez, ze tournament iz ze ultimate challenge for any warrior of ze land and beyond.
Player: emperorz
Chrak: Ze dragon emperor will be watching ze tournament by magical meanz. Zo do your bezt to zhow an imprezzive fight. If you annoy ze dragon emperor, you will be killed - even if you have won ze tournament.
Player: dragon
Chrak: Ze dragonz hold our zociety togezer. Weaknezz and fear zpread zrough our people before ze dragonz came. Zey gave uz ze power we needed to drive our enemiez back. ...
Chrak: Zey gave uz ze leaderzhip and rule we needed for our nation to become whole again and a new unity for a common goal.
Player: centuriez
Chrak: In ancient timez, my people roze az ze greatezt civilization of ze land we call Zao. Wiz iron claw we cleaned ze land from ze barbarianz. ...
Chrak: From norz to zouz, we ruled and built our maginficent citiez. Zience, art and philozophy prozpered under ze rule of ze emperorz of old. ...
Chrak: But when ze great plague came over our landz and civil unrezt zook ze foundationz of ze empire, our old enemiez crawled out of zeir holez. ...
Chrak: Zey took advantage of our weaknezz - and weaknezz and vanity of ze ruling cazte allowed zem to zucceed. ...
Chrak: Wiz our forcez divded by enviouz rulerz and zinned out by ze plague, ze barbarianz had regained ztrengz and came upon ze empire like a zwarm of locuztz over a flower garden. ...
Chrak: Perhapz ze ignorance of a few would have led to ze empire'z downfall if it weren't for ze coming of ze dragon kingz. ...
Chrak: Zey came to uz in timez of greatezt dezpair. Zey unified our armiez and led zem from victory to victory, driving back ze barbarian forcez zat zreatened to breach even ze dragon wall. ...
Chrak: Zey became our zaviourz and later our rulerz. When ze dragon emperor took ze zrone, a new century had dawned for our people. ...
Chrak: Only our dwindling numberz prevent uz from retaking ze land once again. But ze day will come when ze whole Zao iz once again under ze rule of our people.
Player: rulez
Chrak: I waz informed zat you were zent to fight for one of ze mozt preztigiouz officialz of ze court. According to ze rulez, ziz zponzorzhip allowz you to participate in ze tournament. ...
Chrak: While in ze pazt, ze tournament waz ztrictly non-leazal, ze ztakez have raized conziderably nowadayz. Zo lizten clozely: You will enter ze tornament az a team! ...
Chrak: Two of you muzt have gotten ze permizzion to enter ze arena. Zen you have to ztand on ze platformz in ze back and one of you haz to pull ze lever. You will be tranzported into ze arena. ...
Chrak: Once you enter, zere will only be victory or deaz! You have to be aware zat zere will be no chance to flee ze combat! Firzt you will face one team of opponentz. ...
Chrak: You don't have long to defeat zem becauze zoon anozer team will enter ze fight. Az outziderz you will certainly be ze target of zeir concentrated attackz, zo it iz advizable to get rid of your opponentz az quickly az pozzible. ...
Chrak: You might even gain zome time to regroup and tend your woundz if you are quick. After fighting zix teamz, you will have to face ze current champion of ze arena of ztrive. ...
Chrak: If you manage to defeat him, your mazter winz ze tournament and all honourz. Zo if you feel prepared for ze battle, you can azk me to enter ze arena any time.
Player: combat
Chrak: You'll have to face zeveral teamz of opponentz. Zey might be fearzome vandalz like orcz, noble warriorz of my own kind, bound demonz, elemental powerz or even viciouz beaztz ...
Chrak: Only ze mozt worzy will leave ze battle victoriouzly.
Player: battle
Chrak: You were victoriouz indeed. Ztill, zere iz no need to overemphazize zat. It will earn you no friendz.
Player: team
Chrak: Againzt all oddz your team waz victoriouz. Zough your mazter iz zurely pleazed, you have humiliated zome of ze mozt powerful dragon kingz of ze land. ...
Chrak: Ze dragon kingz will remember zat day and your part in it. Better never crozz zeir wayz again.
Player: arena / tournament
Chrak: You may crawl back to your alliez and warn zem of ze gloriouz might of ze dragon emperor and hiz minionz.
Player: poison
Chrak: Ze poizon zat you drank will be removed from your body az zoon az you win ze tournament.
Player: land
Chrak: My people call ziz land Zao. We are it'z rightful rulerz zince countless centuriez.
Player: Zao
Chrak: Ziz land iz rightfully ourz. We ztrayed from ze paz of iron diligence and we lozt a part of our land az punizhment. Wiz ze might of ze dragon emperor, we will retake it one day. ...
Chrak: But for now our numberz are ztretched zin in ze land zat we hold.
Player: north
Chrak: Ze norz haz become a baztion for our people. Ze dragonblaze mountainz are our zhield againzt ze power of ze invaderz. We fortified zem to keep our enemiez at bay and yet, zey did not manage to penetrate our defenzez.
Player: south
Chrak: Ze zouz iz lozt to ze barbarianz. Zey overrun our land and devaztated it. Zere íz little more zen ruinz and a lazt baztion left in ziz area. But one day when we have grown ztronger in numberz, we will retake what iz rightfully ourz.
Player: wall
Chrak: Ze dragon wall iz ze border to ze landz of ze higher ranking people in our zociety. Even in timez of ztrife, it stood firm. Even in ze darkezt hourz of our people it fended off beaztz and invaderz of ze zouz. ...
Chrak: Behind ze wall iz a paradize zat iz only for zoze who dezerve it mozt, ze high-born familiez, ze dragon kingz and ze emperor.
Player: isle
Chrak: Ziz izle iz ancient. Even before ze dawn of civilization, centuriez ago, our people zwam here to compete for ze femalez. Zen it waz ze place to zettle dizagreementz by fight and determine new chieftainz. ...
Chrak: Later it became a part of ze empire and it'z politicz when rank and honour in ze army were determined by fight. Now it haz become an item of political manoeuvering but ztill zervez ze bazic purpoze of fighting. ...
Chrak: Each of ze teamz fightz for one of ze dragon kingz. Ze zuccezz of zeir teamz will determine ze ztation and preztige of ze dragon king for ze next cycle.
Player: king
Chrak: Ze dragon kingz zend zeir championz to ze Izle of Ztrife. Ze combat rezultz determine ze pozitionz ze dragon kingz will hold in ze court for ze next cycle. ...
Chrak: Ze dragon kingz put great pride in zeir championz and often put great effort into zeir training.
Player: court
Chrak: Zome officialz rule over ze variouz citiez and keepz. Only ze mozt preztigiouz officialz are allowed a permanent pozition in ze imperial palace.
Player: palace
Chrak: Ze palace of ze dragon emperor iz well guarded againzt all intruderz. Only lizard men of great ztation are allowed to enter ze palace. It iz a place of maginificence, built and refined by generationz of artizianz under ze guidanze of ze emperorz.
Player: dragon emperor
Chrak: Ze dragon emperor will be watching ze tournament by magical meanz. Zo do your bezt to zhow an imprezzive fight. If you annoy ze dragon emperor, you will be killed - even if you have won ze tournament.
Player: demon
Chrak: Zometimez an official drawz on ze dark powerz of ze nezerworld to call ruzlezz demonz into our realm. Bound to zeir will, zey are out for deztrucion and carnage. ...
Chrak: Uzually zey are not trained for ze tournament but zummoned in hordez who zen fight each ozer until only ze mozt fierce and rezilient emerge az victorz.
Player: beast
Chrak: Zome of ze partiez zat zend warriorz to ze tournament prefer championz zat are more beazt zen man. Hardly zentient beingz, zey only focuz on killing and know no fear. Often zuch beaztz are bred for generationz. ...
Chrak: Allowing only ze mozt viciouz and powerful to zurvive.
Player: minotaurs
Chrak: We heard about zeir abilitiez. Zey are for zure mazzively exaggerated. Zoze minotaurz would probably not zurvive a zingle fight in ze arena. Ztill, I'd love to zee one of zem participating in ze gamez. ...
Chrak: It would be mozt entertaining for zure.
Player: orc
Chrak: Barbarianz, brutez, but zome can be trained to fight in ze arena. Ze partiez zat employ orcz in ze arena chooze zem for zeir ztrengz and viciouznezz. ...
Chrak: Zey zink zat zeir raw power overcomes any reziztance. Zoze orcz are tortured almozt into madnezz. During zeir training, only viciouznezz iz rewarded wiz food, drinks and zleep. Zey only live for battle. ...
Chrak: Killing, zhredding and blood.
Player: elemental
Chrak: Ze elemental forcez are unztopable primal powerz. Zome put zeir truzt in zeeze ancient macigal forcez and employ zem in ze arena az zeir championz. ...
Chrak: Zoze elementalz are uzually very old and have been fed wiz raw powerz for decadez before zey are zent to ze tournament.
Player: lizard
Chrak: In ancient timez, lizard men fought here for zeir own ztation in zociety. Even now when combat iz only a zubztitute for ze rivalry of ze officialz of te emperor'z court, zome value ze ancient art of war. ...
Chrak: Zey chooze only ze finezt warriorz from our armiez az zeir championz. Zoze often undergo yearz of painful training in ze art of fighting. ...
Chrak: Zeir zkillz are honed zrough relentlezz training by ze finezt mazterz, and zey have to battle ze mozt challenging opponentz to prove worzy to participate in ze battle of ze tournament.
Player: dwarf
Chrak: I heard rumourz, nozing more. Certainly zey are ze orcz' problem, not ourz. When zey kill zome orcz it zervez uz well. If ze orcz kill zem, we won't loze anyzing.
Player: master
Chrak: I'm aware zat you not even know ze mazter you are fighting for. You are mere toolz, and a tool doez not need to know ze name of ze craftzman zat wieldz it. Zerve your purpoze or die, zere iz no ozer option.
Player: bye
Chrak: Go.