Player: hi / hello  
Tony: Hello. Unless you have official business or want to pass the gate, please move on.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Tony: Uhm... I'm glad I don't have to guard the gate between alchemist quarter and arena quarter. You know... all that acid and fume... can't be healthy.  
Player: arena quarter  
Tony: That side of the gate can be a little scary... all those animal roaring at night... and the gladiators can be even worse.  
Player: augur  
Tony: They are also our superiors... but lower in rank than the Yalahari.  
Player: cemetery quarter  
Tony: Now that's spooky... undead roaming around at nighttime and sometimes even at daytime... I don't set a foot there if I don't have to.  
Player: factory quarter  
Tony: Err... I have a rust allergy. It makes my nose tickle to go there.  
Player: fenrock  
Tony: I heard there's some snow there... I would love to go there some day.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Tony: I think some people there are not bad at all. Sometimes they visit me at the gate and ask me how I am.  
Player: island  
Tony: This city has a few surrounding islands... but no official ship route is going there. Mistrock... Fenrock... and err... Vengoth, as far as I know.  
Player: job / official  
Tony: Uhm, private first class of the Yalaharian Guard Force. <salutes clumsily>  
Player: magician quarter  
Tony: I don't like going there... and I think magicians consider themselves so wise and educated that they look down on normal people like you and me.  
Player: mission  
Tony: Mission? Eh? I don't know anything about any mission. What do you want from me?  
Player: mistrock  
Tony: That island is covered in mist. I've never been there. Someone in the foreign quarter told me something about it once... but I forgot what he said.  
Player: name  
Tony: I'm Tony.  
Player: pass / gate  
Tony: Uh, you want to pass the gate? Are you headed for the arena or the foreign quarter?  
Player: quarter  
Tony: Uhm, there are many quarters. I think... about eight. My duty is to guard the gate between the arena quarter and the... err... foreign quarter.  
Player: random word  
Tony: Sorry... but uhm... please move on, I actually shouldn't chat with you.  
Player: sunken quarter  
Tony: Mh... a really tragic story... a whole quarter of the city broke down and fell into the ocean.  
Player: trade quarter  
Tony: The former trade quarter is under the wing of Mr. West. He can be intimidating...  
Player: vengoth  
Tony: There are really bad rumours about this place. I don't want to find out if they are true.  
Player: Yalahar  
Tony: This city has a lot of problems... <scratches head> ... and a few surrounding islands.  
Player: bye  
Tony: Goodbye citizen!  
