Player: Hi  
Ser Tybald: Be greeted, young adventurer. If you have a question pertaining to spells, ask.  
Player: Spells  
Ser Tybald: Each vocation has their own unique spells to enhance their fighting or defense, which none of the other vocations can use, and which you can only learn at a spell trainer of your vocation. ...  
Ser Tybald: As you are still very young, you do not yet have many spells at your disposal. As you level up, more spells will be available to you. ...  
Ser Tybald: Here on Dawnport, you can try out spells for free, but you will forget them once you leave for the Tibian Mainland. On Main, you will have to buy a spell at a spell teacher in a city in order to permanently know this spell.  
Player: Tibian mainland  
Ser Tybald: Tibia is the world we live in. Dawnport is not far off from the Tibian Mainland, though it's a tricky passage with contrary winds. On Main, you will find more adventure, mystery and monsters and can prove yuorself a hero or villain.  
Player: Rookgaard  
Ser Tybald: Ah, that was a long, long time ago.  
Player: Dawnport  
Ser Tybald: The story I was told is that the first ship landed here after the rising of a most beautiful dawn, when before the crew had been thwarted by horrible storms and week-long calms on the seas. So they named the island Dawnport.  
Player: Tibia  
Ser Tybald: Tibia is the world we live in. Dawnport is not far off from the Tibian Mainland, though it's a tricky passage with contrary winds. On Main, you will find more adventure, mystery and monsters and can prove yuorself a hero or villain.  
Player: Coltrayne  
Ser Tybald: Now there is someone who has had his share of grief. No wonder he came to Dawnport to assist raising new heroes for the Tibian lands.  
Player: Hamish  
Ser Tybald: The embodiment of a single-minded scientist. Lives for potions and alchemical explosions. Never sees the beauty of the lands, only their usefulness. Still, a master of his craft.  
Player: Inigo  
Ser Tybald: He's a mentor to all young adventurers. If you have a question as to what you should or could do, and how this world works, talk to Inigo, he will be happy to help.  
Player: Mr Morris  
Ser Tybald: We know each other from old, yes. Will we talk about it? No.  
Player: Oressa  
Ser Tybald: What a beautiful lady. Do you know the Lay of the White Lady Illadria? ...  
Ser Tybald: 'Calm and slender like a birch, soft and white like snow, yet strong and warm like the sun she is.' Well, it fits perfectly. I am her sworn protector.  
Player: Plunderpurse  
Ser Tybald: That old pirate has settled down now it seems.  
Player: Richard  
Ser Tybald: He's quite a good cook, which helps improve the mood on bad days. He's a carpenter by trade. Did a good job reinforcing this outpost, too.  
Player: Ser Tybald  
Ser Tybald: It used to be a kind of title in other times, but it serves nicely as a first name here.  
Player: Name  
Ser Tybald: I am Ser Tybald. <bows courteously>  
Player: Job  
Ser Tybald: My work is to teach young adventurers spells to use in combat or in a close corner. I specialise in paladin and knight spells for young adventurers from level 8 to 19.  
Player: Bye  
Ser Tybald: Always stay upwind, <player>!  
