Player: hi
Doubleday: Hello there, hmm just... just wait right there, I'll be with you in a second. Just getting this experiment done...
Player: name
Doubleday: My name is Ian Doubleday, at your s- oh hey, please step away from that device over there please - just for your own safety. Some experiments just have a mind of their own, haven't they.
Player: job / help
Doubleday: Of course, I could need some help! And if you help me, you help Rathleton, right? First, there is the problem with communication, second I need someone to probe part of the sewers and last - combinatorics, what will it be!
Player: experiment
Doubleday: Yes, well I am working on something very time-consuming at the moment. You see, a lot of us don't have time to go out much, to converse even just to meet and talk about recent discoveries. ...
Doubleday: So I thought about a device to help communication in this wonderful city. I already had a helper, he was easily... 'stressed' and quit. Didn't have time to find a new one. ...
Doubleday: So, if you'd like to help - there is a lot to do for me to bring my plans to fruition - and if you help me, you will earn my votes for the magistrate in turn! Are you in?
Player: yes
Doubleday: Good! Quite good! You know, there are actually several things I want you to address. ...
Doubleday: First, there is the problem with communication, second I need someone to probe part of the sewers and last - combinatorics!
Player: no
Doubleday: I see. No problem but this undoubtedly will - and practically already has delayed this whole project, good day.
Player: votes / vote
Doubleday: Yes, well I am a working, contributing citizen of Rathleton and have certain rights, such as the right to vote! Since I don't get out that much, I must have quite a number of votes at the magistrate by now. ...
Doubleday: If you help me out, you will benefit as I will trade my own votes for your service! Just tell me if you want to exchange!
Player: magistrate
Doubleday: Yes, well I am a working, contributing citizen of Rathleton and have certain rights, such as the right to vote! Since I don't get out that much, I must have quite a number of votes at the magistrate by now. ...
Doubleday: If you help me out, you will benefit as I will trade my own votes for your service! Just tell me if you want to exchange!
Player: exchange
Doubleday: You didn't help me quite much recently, did you? Next time you come here to request something, please only do so if you actually did something.
Player: Rathleton
Doubleday: Magnificent, isn't it? Here you can be truly free - as an experimenter I mean. No one cares what you do, no complaining neighbours, glooth everywhere - no boundaries! ...
Doubleday: Imagine the possibilities... oh and don't just take my word for it, look around you! Mechanical marvels everywhere, the glooth is the fuel to our wildest dreams!
Player: glooth
Doubleday: The stuff dreams are made of. Since its discovery by Baribar Glooth, it has been the element behind next to every scientific advancement this city has made. ...
Doubleday: People came to this city from all parts of the world to see, feel and experience its wonders and to explore its possibilities.
Player: maxxen
Doubleday: Maxxen was once of Rahletons most brilliant minds. In his quest for knowledge he went too far though.
Player: captain caveworm
Doubleday: I better keep my mouth shut on that issue.
Player: probe
Doubleday: Because of my experiments with the glooth, some things in the new sewers of Rathleton aren't exactly 'in order' anymore - if you follow me. A sort of mushroom has formed down there and some... 'things' now nest in the lower drainage areas. ...
Doubleday: Could you please just go down there and check if this is caused by... my... version of the glooth? You know, just some experiments I did to alter the basic elemental structure of the glooth, nothing personal. ...
Doubleday: If you'd just take this very tiny probing device I designed to analyse the coloured glooth and, you know, go down there and place it - oh, and I'll also give you this really tiny detector, modified to find a spot where to place the probe - so?
Player: alter
Doubleday: Well, so I did some experiments with the substance. I mean - who doesn't? Around here, everything is built on, made of or created from that stuff. It's paradise for experimenters like me! ...
Doubleday: Problem with the altered glooth is... it tends to get 'unstable'. You can't transport it, you can't throw it - you can't even move it anywhere without risking its imminent dissolution. ...
Doubleday: However, I built a small device, capable of storing the substance for prolonged amounts of time. I can't be bothered to go down the sewers to get some of it, however, can I? Right.
Player: detector
Doubleday: To actually 'find' a suitable location to deploy the probing device for my measurements, you should use my mono detector. The device detects singular chemical structures of any material or fabric I feed it with and signals it! ...
Doubleday: If you have lost your detector or your probing device, I can hand out another - it will take some time, however. Do you need a new one?
Player: yes
Doubleday: Alright, there you go - please, try to be more careful with my equipment next time!
Player: no
Doubleday: Fine then.
Player: combinatorics
Doubleday: Besides the state of the altered glooth down there, I am trying to figure out more about the structure of the creatures this affects. This requires blood - in a certain combination! ...
Doubleday: See, down there in the upper parts of the new sewers, you can find three sorts of creatures. When I went down there the last time - and that was quite some time ago - I found a strange substance. ...
Doubleday: Undoubtedly blood - but not just any blood. It must have been a certain combination of everything that crawls down there. Believe it or not - it made a puddle of my altered glooth down there perfectly stable! ...
Doubleday: I couldn't find out the combination - but I took samples! See, this is like - mixing a certain cocktail, you need to put different liquids with different densities in a specific order to get the best effect, ahem heh heh, eh? ...
Doubleday: Well, don't you get it? If you can kill them in a specific order (which I will explain to you in DETAIL before), the mixed blood will be ideal for my research! ...
Doubleday: Sounds crazy, doesn't it? Well it isn't! If I can figure out what kind of monster combination made the altered glooth stable - there will be no shortage of altered glooth anymore! ...
Doubleday: With that being said - only combo chains (3x 3 creatures in a row and consecutive chains) will be rewarded! So, are you in or not or what?
Player: altered glooth
Doubleday: The stuff dreams are made of. Since its discovery by Baribar Glooth, it has been the element behind next to every scientific advancement this city has made. ...
Doubleday: People came to this city from all parts of the world to see, feel and experience its wonders and to explore its possibilities.
Player: yes
Doubleday: Ha, I knew it! Well, just go to the new sewers and kill some monsters that's it! Here is how to do it and which combination to try, it's always a little different, see... ...
Doubleday: Now, no need for any vessel or whatever - just come back here, I will scrape the blood from your coat and you tell me what I want to know about each... 'sample'. Hey, I can even keep track of your combo score!
Player: score / highscore
Doubleday: Sure, you know, I sent quite a lot of subjects down there to help me and kill those beasts in the perfect combination! The current highest combo score on this world is 630 with 210 consecutive chains! ...
Doubleday: Do you want me to see if you actually beat the grand champion?
Player: yes
Doubleday: Alright let's see! You didn't beat the total highscore of 630 with 210 consecutive chains. Only consecutive triple chains will count! ...
Doubleday: Remember that failing by killing enemies in the wrong order will completely RESET your current score and I will NOT be able to reward you. Your overall record will be stored, however. ...
Doubleday: Well keep trying - and most importantly, keep me informed!
Player: combinatorics
Doubleday: So, I take it you tried your best, didn't you? Those are interesting samples... I see... well... indeed... go on... <a lengthy explanation follows> ...
Doubleday: Well, that helped a lot and you also got a total of 0 combos down there and 0 chains in a row! Remember that I also keep track of the overall highscore! If you like to try some more combo kills for me to analyse, just do so whenever you like! ...
Doubleday: And also keep in mind, only combo chains (3x 3 creatures in a row and any consecutive chains) will be rewarded!
Player: highscore
Doubleday: Sure, you know, I sent quite a lot of subjects down there to help me and kill those beasts in the perfect combination! The current highest combo score on this world is 630 with 210 consecutive chains! ...
Doubleday: Do you want me to see if you actually beat the grand champion?
Player: communication
Doubleday: Right, you know, I am currently working on a way to solve some general communication problems that... arose. ...
Doubleday: Alright, alright, I am just too busy to get out and talk to my colleagues. Still, if I visit everyone in person I will have to spend a whole day just to get meagre information on the status on some things and my work will never get finished. ...
Doubleday: If I stay, I can continue my experiments but - well you know where this is going. What I did is, altering the glooth we know and love to act as a special kind of conductor for sounds if you know what I mean. ...
Doubleday: I want to transmit sounds, even voices across a distance to better communicate with others without the need for even a rope that would connect me with my dialogue partner! Freedom of speech so to say! However, I need blue glooth for that. ...
Doubleday: The problem with these 'alterations' to the glooth is - well, it just doesn't work... Anyway, I had some workers from the slums construct several machines for me in the sewers to modify the structure of the glooth. ...
Doubleday: However, every drop of altered glooth I got from this was highly instable. Instable and... dangerous. ...
Doubleday: Not only did it change its colour from its natural yellow and green to a strange blue tone, it also changed... something else down there. Naturally, I abandoned all further projects with that stuff before city authorities would question my methods. ...
Doubleday: You know, the city is free and all that but as soon as you actually do something that may affect the very foundations of Rathleton - well, let's just say there's still a legislative and more important an executive. ...
Doubleday: As I was saying, I abandoned everything down there. Almost anyway. And this is where you come into play! To put it plainly, the machines are still working and I need some more of the blue stuff. ...
Doubleday: So you go down there and use one of the machines (any you can find) and, well, produce some coloured glooth! Would you?
Player: yes
Doubleday: Excellent! Adjusting the machines, should be easy enough for anyone. No documentation needed. They will even provide vials to fill it in! I will also mark the entrance to the new sewers on your map. ...
Doubleday: It goes 'through' another invention of mine - ignore it for now, it's harmless. ...
Doubleday: And keep in mind, the stuff is unstable! Don't drop it under any circumstances! Just bring as many as you can - directly - to me. I can store it for long enough to actually get some use out of it.
Player: communications
Doubleday: Oh right, you already had contact with coloured glooth, right? I can... it's a... distinct scent. Do you have something for me?
Player: yes
Doubleday: Great, thank you very much! Feel free to gather more of that stuff for me whenever you like! But careful - not more than one at a time!
Player: yes
Doubleday: Hm, you didn't get a fresh vial, did you - what did you do down there? I need some vials filled with the stuff or my experiments cannot be continued. Just pick one up, the machine should already provide vials.
Player: bye
Doubleday: Goodbye!
Doubleday: Oh, yeah... see you.