The prison was ready and the demon princes were sent to 'oversee' the integrity of the important construction. They arrived in all their hellish power and glory. And we were prepared to let the trap spring. Of course we suspected treachery and double-crossing. I knew the plans to secure the remaining allied demons in other, secretly built prisons. They would be as weak and vulnerable as never before. With the princes gone and their most powerful loyalist demons taken out, we would rule undisputed. After all, we held the keys to the prisons.
Of course the other side plotted, too. My people were so engrossed in their own schemes they ignored the possibility that the plans of their rivals might be as dangerous as their own.
They were wrong to do so, of course.
When the trap was sprung - the oaths even now prevent me to go into details - the demons did not show up at all. I had never trusted this Bazir, but I thought that at least some of the others, more furious like Apocalypse, Lurin, Infernatil and Vazrok, would be too eager to test their might, to hold back.
The first prince was caught completely unaware when the trap sprang. This was almost too easy. But then, hell broke loose - literally. Our nightmare creatures were no match for the princes and their retinue. They were so powerful! We had kept ourselves out of most direct battles of the war and were completely unprepared for such a display of power and cruelty. Within seconds all seemed lost, when the demons finally intervened, obviously in panic that everything was at stake now.
But it was almost too late. The princes had cut a good part of my people into pieces and alarmed their minions in the city. There was slaughter everywhere.
I saw demons being ripped apart by the princes. Sheldrax and Ashfalor were both shredded to pieces before my very eyes by Sephorath, prince of agony. Several parts of one of the demons crawled away, obviously animated by some magic to preserve its life; but there was hardly anything left to be preserved.
Tulax the mighty, Jebborn, Semir, they all fell like flies swatted away.
Here and there, a prince succumbed to the sheer number of allied forces; but the fight looked desperate for our side.
Then the great nightmare beasts were unleashed. Though not truly rivalling a prince in power, still they were unknown to them and hard to defeat. Although no match in a direct confrontation, they managed to distract them long enough for some of us to desperately unleash all the stolen dreams from the dream catcher.
All our wealth, the essence of our existence and the harvest of centuries, blown away in less than a minute.
But the devastation on mind and body was enormous. Everyone caught in the blast was weakened if not unconscious. I saw the minds of several people I had known for years as rivals go blank forever.
I was blind, too. Not only physically, but also mentally.
When mind and sight became clear again, a considerable time had passed.