Player: (idle)
Neill: Rookies! Initiates! Friends! Lend me your ears!
Neill: Enter our tents and choose your destiny!
Neill: Come, one and all! Come and enjoy our grand festival!
Player: hi
Neill: Hello, young initiate! Welcome to your festival! ...
Neill: That's right! I said, your festival! We, residents of the Island of Destiny, have decided to put up a Festival of Initiates just for you newcomers! ...
Neill: Isn't that great?
Player: hi
Neill: Hello again! I trust you are having fun? Since you completed your close combat training, feel free to proceed to the next tent, friend. ...
Neill: Or did you lose your sword and need a new one? Or do you require me to tell you again what this Festival is all about?
Player : hi
Neill: Hello there! Having fun, I see. Just proceed to the other combat training tents or to a vocation trainer if you're certain about your destiny.
Player: name
Neill: My name is Neill McNeill of the clan of the McNeills.
Player: job
Neill: I'm a the gatekeeper and knight combat trainer here at the Festival of Initiates.
Player: knight
Neill: The noblest vocation of them all. No-one can best us with sword or shield!
Player: vocation
Neill: It is what you choose to be in Tibia - it is your 'profession', and your destiny. Be it knight or sorcerer, druid or paladin: a vocation is a way of living and a style of fighting. ...
Neill: Choose your vocation well, for it will be a choice never to be revoked.
Player: (yes)
Neill: Indeed! As you will have to choose your vocation soon, this festival will help you decide by showing you each vocation's unique style and techniques. ...
Neill: In each tent, a combat trainer will show you his vocation's special fighting technique. So you can find out which vocation suits you best! ...
Neill: Don't worry, it's all for fun, just to show you the principle, and won't hurt. OK?
Player: (any)
Neill: Good! Each of the combat and vocation trainers can give you details about his or her vocation, just ask them. ...
Neill: So, shall we start your festival tour? Of course, if you already know which vocation to choose, you can also skip the tour entirely. What do you say?
Player: (any)
Neill: Alright, here we go! On Rookgaard, you already had a first taste of how we proud knights fight: up close and personal. We're always first in a melee and the strongest heroes in Tibia. ...
Neill: That means, in a fight we go to a monster and hit it upfront with a weapon. That's no job for weaklings, so we knights have a strong defense and many hitpoints to be able to hold out against damage. Are you ready?
Player: (any)
Neill: Good. Some last hints - knights fight with shield and weapon. Remember: we fight at the front, so we need good armor. We're tough, but we don't fight from a distance or heal others. Always have a health potion ready! ...
Neill: If you need a shield, take one from the box, left of the entrance. It will hold off two enemies at once. ...
Neill: Have fun and make your way through this tent, past the skeletons. The next tent's just north of this one. I hear they fight from a little distance in there. Huh. Well.
Player: tell
Neill: Right. So. As you will have to choose your vocation soon, this festival will help you decide by showing you each vocation's unique style and techniques. ...
Neill: In each tent, a combat trainer will show you his vocation's special fighting technique. So you can find out which vocation suits you best! ...
Neill: Don't worry, it's all for fun, just to show you the principle, and won't hurt. In this tent, it's melee combat, how we knights fight: up close and personal. Grab a shield if you need one from the box by the entrance. Have at it!
Player: sword
Neill: Of course. Here you go, friend.
Player: sword
Neill: Sorry, friend, it takes me five minutes at least to carve a new training sword. Come back later.
Player : skip
Neill: Of course, if you already know which vocation to choose, you can also skip the tour. What do you say?
Player : yes
Neill: Alright! Choose well!
Player: bye
Neill: May your sword always be sharp.
Player: (vanish)
Neill: Have at it!
