Player: (idle)
Shanoya: Noble hunter, versatile adventurer - that's the paladin!
Shanoya: Want the best of all vocations? Become a paladin!
Shanoya: Master the bow to shoot an arrow in the knee!
Shanoya: Be a Jack of all trades, be a paladin!
Player: hi  
Shanoya: Hi there, name's Shanoya. So. Tylius has got all the fancy magic, and in here, we're handing out spears. I know what you think: boring. Huh. Do you want me to go on? Yes?
Player: yes
Shanoya: Really? Oh, I wasn't expecting that. Well, Paladins can also use distance weapons. The difference is, they use real spears. Not that magic fluff 'n' puff ...  
Shanoya: You see that CHEST over there? Take some spears out of it and see if you can hit the party skeletons over there. Be careful not to hit yourself, though. There's a chance your spear may BREAK - if so, get a new one from the chest every 60 seconds. ...  
Shanoya: You need to equip your spear in your weapon slot, RIGHT-CLICK on a MONSTER on the map or BATTLE LIST, then choose 'ATTACK'. If you are done with it like me, proceed to the next tent. Which I can't. <sigh>  
Player: bye
Shanoya: Good hunting!

Player: hi
Shanoya: Hi there, stranger. Come on in and grab a spear! Tylius explains how to fire shots with fancy magic staffs, but they are not truly a distance weapon, oh no. In here, it's the real McCoy! Shall I go on? Yes?
Player: yes
Shanoya: You see, we paladins are the true distance fighter vocation. Nobody covers a long distance like we do! Spears, bow and arrow, throwing stars... you name it, we master it. ...
Shanoya: See that chest there? Take some spears from it and aim at the party skeletons. If a spear breaks, you can get a new one from the chest every 60 seconds. ...
Shanoya: Drag your spear to your weapon slot, right-click on a monster on the map or battle list, and choose 'attack'. If you mastered the principle, just go to the next tent while I - clean up the mess. <sigh>
Player: name
Shanoya: My name? Shanoya Arktemis Pride McCoy. Shanoya for you.
Player: paladin
Shanoya: True jacks of all trades, that's us! The happy medium between knight and mage, combining the best elements of all vocations, with better health and shielding than mages, and we can carry more. And we have holy magic to hunt down unholy creatures!
Player: (walks away)
Shanoya: Good riddance.

Player: hi
Shanoya: Hello again. Spears are in the chest, you can open it every 60 seconds. Or do you want me to explain it all again to you?
