Player: (idle)
The Destiny Seer: Feeling lost, child? Ask me, and I will guide you.
The Destiny Seer: Let me help you find your destiny.
The Destiny Seer: I can help you find your vocation.
Player: (any)
The Destiny Seer: Come nearer, child, and address me.
Player: hi
The Destiny Seer: Hello, child. Ask, and I will answer with a question.
Player: name
The Destiny Seer: I am the Destiny Seer, child. I can tell you your future.
Player: job
The Destiny Seer: I help all who are lost. All who cannot decide. All who do not know what to choose. Just ask me your question.
Player: the destiny seer
The Destiny Seer: Once, I was... someone different. Then I was given this form, to guide you on your way.
Player: trainer
The Destiny Seer: The vocation trainers live close by. Follow the path to the north and you will reach the square where their houses stand around a lively fountain.
Player: knight
The Destiny Seer: Chivalrous and strong is a knight, straightforward and with their hands they fight.
Player: paladin
The Destiny Seer: With bow and spear all foes he will fight, with his holy magic the undead he will blight.
Player: sorcerer
The Destiny Seer: The master of arcane energy, casting death and fire at his foes, the secret of magical runes he knows.
Player: druid
The Destiny Seer: Nature and ice are at his magic command, to heal his friends, to defend his land.
Player: question
The Destiny Seer: Tell me: Do you like to keep your distance, or do you like close combat?
Player: distance
The Destiny Seer: Tell me: Do you prefer to fight with bow and spear, or do you want to cast magic?
Player: bow / spear
The Destiny Seer: Your destiny is this: Go seek the Paladin Narai on this island to join the ranks of the paladins, noble hunters and rangers of the wild.
Player: magic
The Destiny Seer: Tell me: Do you prefer to heal and defend with the power of nature, or cast fire and death?
Player: heal
The Destiny Seer: Your destiny is this: Go seek the druid Yandur on this island to be taught the ways of the sage healers and powerful masters of natural magic.
Player: death
The Destiny Seer: Your destiny is this: Go seek the sorcerer Estrella on this island to become a sorcerer, a mighty wielder of deathly energies and arcane fire.
Player: (vanish)
The Destiny Seer: Choose well, child.
