Player: (idle)
Willow: Make runes, not death!
Willow: Druids rock!
Player: hi
Willow: Hi there, friend. Follow the path of nature!
Player: nature
Willow: Mother Nature is our element, the element of the druids. ...
Willow: If you want to learn how to use the magical forces of nature, and not just use a crude weapon, talk to Salbra. She will teach you the use of runes and spells.
Player: druids
Willow: We are healers, and versed in the use of ice and earth magic. We seek the balance of things. ...
Willow: Salbra will teach you how to use spells and runes, should you wish to learn the ways of magic.
Player: salbra
Willow: She is wise in the craft. A master of spells and runes, and a gentle teacher to all young initiates. ...
Willow: Go see her in her tent northeast from here to learn about the different ways of magic.
Player: runes
Willow: Runes are stones that store spells. ...
Willow: Each rune can hold only one spell and can be used only once. ...
Willow: Salbra will tell you how to make spell runes, if you wish to learn.
Player: spells
Willow: Spells are words of wisdom and power that perform magic in the world. ...
Willow: Salbra will tell you how to learn them.
Player: magic
Willow: We druids have the unique gift of healing our allies. Unlike sorcerers, who use fire, death and energy magic. And only the strong paladins use holy magic, to slay undead creatures.
Player: name
Willow: I am Willow, a fellowcraft druid of the sage Yandur.
Player: willow
Willow: I am called that because it is my favourite tree. A gentle creature is the willow tree, and the wind sings in its boughs.
Player: yandur
Willow: Our beloved master. He is the druid vocation trainer on the Island of Destiny. ...
Willow: Go visit him straight after the festival if you know your destiny is to be a druid.
Player: sorcerer
Willow: Our dark brothers in the magic arts. ...
Willow: Where we rely on nature's magic to defend ourselves and heal our friends, they cast fire, death and energy spells to wound their foes. ...
Willow: Go visit Tylius in the northwestern tent if you wish to learn more.
Player: tylius
Willow: A young sorcerer-to-be. I heard he's gifted in the use of magic weapons, like staves and rods. ...
Willow: He's in the northwestern tent, and will show you how to use these weapons, if you wish to learn. We druids use them too, if need be.
Player: paladins
Willow: Hunters, skilled with bow and spear. ...
Willow: Their magic is different from ours. It is for slaying the unholy, the undead. ...
Willow: Go visit Shanoya in the northern tent if you wish to learn how to hunt with spear or bow.
Player: shanoya
Willow: A fine huntress, and a nemesis to the undead. Go see her if you wish to learn how paladins fight.
Player: bye
Willow: Be well.
Player: (walks away)
Willow: Follow your nature.
