Dear mum and dad,

it's me, your sweet little daughter Rita. Have great news for you! We found a treasure! Rare and precious and beautiful and glittery treasure! We, that is all of your children: Ra'Clette, Sniff, Queso and me. Found it on a small island. We had to be careful, because some suspicious raccoon captain also roamed the sea around this island. But we found beautiful treasure first! But couldn't decide yet, who will take what. So Ra'Clette had a great idea: We sealed treasure away! How? Listen: Treasure Chest is behind spooky gate. Looks like big skull with maw wide open. Ra'Clette powerful witch, she knew that skull gate is a magical portal. And she knew how to seal it with a spell. So we did this: We all thought of nice little rhyme and used it as secret password for portal. But to make sure that none of us goes there alone and gets treasure, Ra'Clette had genius plan: Rhyme has four lines, and each one of us noted one. Then Ra'Clette cast spell that makes us forget rhyme completely. So each of us has left only line on our piece of paper. Now, each of us only knows one line, so we must return all to open skull gate. One day we will and get treasure, as soon as we know how to share. Only problem is, I don't want to keep written note. Not safe, someone could steal. But I don't have such a great memory, I'm afraid I will forget my line. Perhaps I will teach it to my parrot Larry, who knows. This is it for now, dear parents. I'm now at corym black market underneath Liberty Bay. But will be off to the sea soon and join the pirates! and each one of us noted one. Then Ra'Clette cast spell that makes us forget rhyme completely. So each of us has left only line on our piece of paper. Now, each of us only knows one line, so we must return all to open skull gate. One day we will and get treasure, as soon as we know how to share. Only problem is, I don't want to keep written note. Not safe, someone could steal. But I don't have such a great memory, I'm afraid I will forget my line. Perhaps I will teach it to my parrot Larry, who knows. This is it for now, dear parents. I'm now at corym black market underneath Liberty Bay. But will be off to the sea soon and join the pirates! and each one of us noted one. Then Ra'Clette cast spell that makes us forget rhyme completely. So each of us has left only line on our piece of paper. Now, each of us only knows one line, so we must return all to open skull gate. One day we will and get treasure, as soon as we know how to share. Only problem is, I don't want to keep written note. Not safe, someone could steal. But I don't have such a great memory, I'm afraid I will forget my line. Perhaps I will teach it to my parrot Larry, who knows. This is it for now, dear parents. I'm now at corym black market underneath Liberty Bay. But will be off to the sea soon and join the pirates! so we must return all to open skull gate. One day we will and get treasure, as soon as we know how to share. Only problem is, I don't want to keep written note. Not safe, someone could steal. But I don't have such a great memory, I'm afraid I will forget my line. Perhaps I will teach it to my parrot Larry, who knows. This is it for now, dear parents. I'm now at corym black market underneath Liberty Bay. But will be off to the sea soon and join the pirates! so we must return all to open skull gate. One day we will and get treasure, as soon as we know how to share. Only problem is, I don't want to keep written note. Not safe, someone could steal. But I don't have such a great memory, I'm afraid I will forget my line. Perhaps I will teach it to my parrot Larry, who knows. This is it for now, dear parents. I'm now at corym black market underneath Liberty Bay. But will be off to the sea soon and join the pirates!
Ship ahoy!

Your dear Rita