NPC: Cedrik  
Player: hi / hello  
Cedrik: Hello Player. Have a look at my wares.  
Player: arrow  
Cedrik: I have normal arrows, sniper arrows, flaming arrows, shiver arrows, flash arrows, earth arrows and onyx arrows used with bows. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: bolt  
Cedrik: I have bolts, piercing bolts and power bolts used with crossbows.  
Player: bow  
Cedrik: I don't buy used bows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Charlotta  
Cedrik: Old Charlotta is a good healer and knows how to handle lesser spirits that might plague you. Her lucky charms are valued by everyone in Liberty Bay.  
Player: Chondur  
Cedrik: Uhh. Well, you heard of Chondur, didn't you? <whispers> Then you know he commands the spirits, good or bad. If your are in spiritual trouble or cursed, he might be your only help!  
Player: crossbow  
Cedrik: I don't buy used crossbows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: cult  
Cedrik: Well, there are rumours, you know? Rumours about some people that might be able to change things. People that know about spirits and magic as much as...certain others.  
Player: distance  
Cedrik: Well, I sell spears, bows, crossbows and ammunition for distance fighting. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: Eleonore  
Cedrik: Quite pretty but probably as hollow as all of those rich women.  
Player: Explorer Society  
Cedrik: I have little contact with those upper-class people.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Cedrik: Shhh! Are you mad to mention him?!  
Player: governor  
Cedrik: He's not from here, not one of us, you know. How could he understand our needs and problems.  
Player: Isolde  
Cedrik: Quite pretty and polite. Still she shouldn't be here at all.  
Player: job  
Cedrik: I'm a simple but honourable smith.  
Player: king  
Cedrik: Hmpf. The king, eh? Well he lives in faraway Thais. I wonder why such a mighty man has interest in our little community.  
Player: liberty bay  
Cedrik: It's a fine town. Would be better if we were left on our own though.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Cedrik: I guess that man is the true power behind the governor.  
Player: offer / buy / goods / sell / equipment / stuff / ware / shield / legs / trousers / weapon / ammunition / ammo / armor / helmet  
Cedrik: My offers are weapons, ammunition, armors, helmets, legs, and shields. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: pirate  
Cedrik: Let me put it that way: If someone bites Venore's leg, there is more clamour than it's worth it. As for my part, I wouldn't bother if someone would swallow that leg.  
Player: plantations  
Cedrik: Perhaps if one day the plantations don't give enough sugar canes anymore, the Venoreans might leave.  
Player: quara  
Cedrik: The quara are a pest. They might be our doom one day. Who knows how many of them are down there? One day they might make an assault on all of us at once to wipe us from the map.  
Player: rum  
Cedrik: Ah, rum. That alone makes sugar important enough.  
Player: Raymond Striker  
Cedrik: That daring rascal has outsmarted the fat traders and the military more than once. Harhar. Some people here still admire that.  
Player: spear  
Cedrik: Yes, I sell spears. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: sugar  
Cedrik: Sugar brought us all the trouble but I guess we need it.  
Player: thais  
Cedrik: Thais is a faraway city with strange people. I only wish they'd stay there.  
Player: trade  
Cedrik: Of course, just browse through my wares. If you're only interested in distance equipment, let me know.  
Player: Tristan  
Cedrik: Not too bad for a Thaian guy.  
Player: venore  
Cedrik: Bah, Venore. <spits on the floor> Calling it a snake's nest would be an insult of course, but for the snake.  
Player: voodoo  
Cedrik: Umh. <looks around nervously> Don't speak aloud about such things. You never know which spirit's attention you might draw upon yourself.  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Cedrik: Some heartless soldier as far as I can tell. I'm quite sure the king and the governor just love him.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Cedrik: Bye Player.  
Player: trade  
Cedrik: Of course, just browse through my wares. If you're only interested in distance equipment, let me know.  
Player: distance  
Cedrik: Here is my distance assortment.  
