Player: hi
Abran Ironeye: Hail, Simula! Why do you disturb me?
Player: name
Abran Ironeye: I am Abran Ironeye.
Player: job
Abran Ironeye: I am a busy man. I run the Ironhouse.
Player: time
Abran Ironeye: You should know that on your own!
Player: Ironeye
Abran Ironeye: I don't care if you like it or not. Stop staring at it!
Player: disturb
Abran Ironeye: I am a busy man. I run the Ironhouse.
Player: Ironhouse
Abran Ironeye: What do you think? Here weapons and armor are forged, repaired, and sold.
Player: forged
Abran Ironeye: My Ironhouse is more than a warehouse.
Player: news
Abran Ironeye: In Venore nothing comes for free and you could not afford my 'news'.
Player: tax
Abran Ironeye: The taxing keeps the Thaian kingdom alive, but it also might break its neck one day.
Player: tax
Abran Ironeye: The taxing keeps the Thaian kingdom alive, but it also might break its neck one day.
Player: privilege
Abran Ironeye: Venore's privileges are hard earned.
Player: gambling
Abran Ironeye: I trust only in skill, not luck.
Player: army
Abran Ironeye: Such a great tool wasted for garrison duties, a shame.
Player: king
Abran Ironeye: I would like to see a true warrior-king in Thais... like in the old days. But who knows, perhaps one day the tides of fate will bring such a man to power. Who knows...
Player: thais
Abran Ironeye: Thais has outlived its usefulness since years. Its star is sinking.
Player: carlin
Abran Ironeye: Their independence is a proof for the weakness of Thais.
Player: tibia
Abran Ironeye: The world is ready for a significant change.
Player: excalibug
Abran Ironeye: If someone would bring me that weapon I could reshape the realm... and reward this hero beyond his dreams.
Player: banor
Abran Ironeye: As a man that grows up needs no mommy, a warrior has to outgrow his need for gods.
Player: ferumbras
Abran Ironeye: Quite a challenge, but his bets for power were made without the finesse of a true warrior.
Player: finesse
Abran Ironeye: I won't give away my tricks, learn your own.
Player: teddy
Abran Ironeye: I don't know anything about a teddy... and if you are smart you shouldn't either...
Player: bye
Abran Ironeye: You are dismissed.
Abran Ironeye: HEY! I DID NOT DISMISS YOU!
