Player: hi  
Ashtamor: Welcome, Player, wanderer between the worlds.  
Player: name  
Ashtamor: What's a name worth in your eyes? And more important: Does the choice of your name decide your fate? Perhaps we will never know.  
Player: wanderer / job  
Ashtamor: I consider myself as a guide, a guardian for the souls who transcend the border to another world.  
Player: time  
Ashtamor: It's 4:38 am now, but the true question is: How much time is left?  
Player: buy / sell / offer / stuff / equipment / ware / goods  
Ashtamor: I'm offering vases and amphoras, the perfect vessel for all kinds of dusty remains. Ask me for a trade if you're interested.  
Player: trade  
Ashtamor: Yes, it's a wise idea not to leave the choice of your future vessel to chance. Have a look.  
Player: another world / death  
Ashtamor: Does it mean anything than losing your weak physical shell? And isn't the true power in the universe rather mental than physical?  
Player: leeland slim  
Ashtamor: This man is so old and looks so unhealthy that I expect him to become my customer every day.  
Player: abran ironeye  
Ashtamor: At least his temper brought me some customers.  
Player: soul  
Ashtamor: The essence of life, source of your very self. While the body is in space and time, the soul exists in time only.  
Player: body  
Ashtamor: Is the mind a creation of the body, or the body an invention of the mind?  
Player: life  
Ashtamor: Life is nothing but a pre-stage for the eternity of death.  
Player: birth  
Ashtamor: Birth might be the beginning but death is certainly not the end.  
Player: fire  
Ashtamor: The purging force of fire ... it helps to free souls and its smoke helps them to find their way to another world. 
Player: gods  
Ashtamor: Once you leave your mortal shell, you'll become one with the gods.  
Player: thais  
Ashtamor: Thais needs to be cleansed by fire just like Venore!  
Player: venore  
Ashtamor: You come to this world naked, and you leave it this way. So there's no need to save your money, especially in a place like Venore.  
Player: elves  
Ashtamor: Elves have a strange relation to death. I don't know what they are up to but we should stay wary.  
Player: dwarfs / dwarves  
Ashtamor: Dwarfs live unhealthily long and its difficult to burn them to ashes. This is suspicious.  
Player: monster  
Ashtamor: Oh yes, monsters can grant you a passage to the afterlife also, but it's not a comfortable trip. <chuckles>  
Player: carlin  
Ashtamor: It seems less rotten than most other cities, but still purification would do no harm.  
Player: king  
Ashtamor: Kings, queens ... I've seen them come and go. Everything fades, even the glory and wealth of the richest.  
Player: thanks  
Ashtamor: 'Thank you' ... Words I rarely hear these days. Let me know when you need help again, Player.  
Player: cemetery  
Ashtamor: It would be a shame to let worms do the work that is meant to be done by cleansing fire.  
Player: crematory  
Ashtamor: Such an ugly word for this wonderful place. It's a door, a portal to a better world.  
Player: guide  
Ashtamor: You seem exceptionally healthy. It will still take many years until you'll need my guidance.  
Player: help  
Ashtamor: What help could I offer apart from guidance? Would you like me to help you to transcend the border to the afterlife?  
Player: No  
Ashtamor: Come back when you have changed your mind, wanderer.  
Player: yes  
Ashtamor: Are you sure? You might not be able to come back, consider that!  
Player: yes  
Ashtamor: Hmm... seems you are not ready yet to let go.  
Player: afterlife  
Ashtamor: No one really knows what awaits us beyond. Although there are some old stories about the Netherworld.  
Player: Netherworld  
Ashtamor: It is the place where the dead end up. Some sages believe, that it is located below the world of the living. ...  
Ashtamor: Personally, I think it rather lies within another dimension so that terms like above or beneath are inappropriate to describe it. There are some rumours that the descent to the Netherworld is difficult yet possible for those still living.  
Player: zarganash  
Ashtamor: In a time when even death was young, the caverns of Zarganash were a place, where the souls of the dead rested for a while before they passed into the great beyond. ...  
Ashtamor: Over the course of aeons, the caverns of Zarganash became a vast plane, filled with lost souls and far more powerful entities. ...  
Ashtamor: Zarganash is a part of the Netherworld, the place where souls of sentient beings go after death. But it is not completely congruent with the Netherworld, it is just a part of this vast and mysterious realm.  
Player: bye  
Ashtamor: See you again, Player ... sooner or later, more or less alive.  
