Player: hi  
Boozer: Welcome to the Hard Rock Racing Track, Player.  
Player: Hard Rock Racing Track / offer  
Boozer: I sell bread, cheese, ham, meat and cookies. If you are thirsty, I can offer you beer, wine, water or lemonade. So, is it food or drinks?  
Player: food  
Boozer: Bread, ham, cheese, meat, cookies. If you wanna trade, tell me.  
Player: drinks  
Boozer: Beer, wine, lemonade, water. If you wanna trade, tell me.  
Player: trade  
Boozer: Sure, take what you want.  
Player: name  
Boozer: Just call me Boozer. Everyone does that.  
Player: time  
Boozer: No clue, boy.  
Player: excalibug  
Boozer: Heard about it now and then. Then again, I also hear there is a bogeyman somewhere in the swamps.  
Player: frodo  
Boozer: I heard about his tiny tavern in Thais.  
Player: bogeyman  
Boozer: Just a tale to scare the kids.  
Player: thais  
Boozer: If you like Thais so much, just go there.  
Player: tibia  
Boozer: People from all over Tibia come here to buy, sell, gamble, and get drunk.  
Player: carlin  
Boozer: Heard about these women there. I must pay them a visit someday.  
Player: amazon  
Boozer: I guess they just have not met the right man yet.  
Player: swampelves  
Boozer: Some elves turned evil so to say. They now live in a small village to the south called Shadowthorn. No big deal. Who cares about some carrot-eating musicians after all?  
Player: ferumbras  
Boozer: Guess he'd be bad news for business.  
Player: army  
Boozer: Good customers.  
Player: king / tibianus  
Boozer: The king is far away, so who cares?  
Player: tavern / job  
Boozer: I'm the bartender here at the racing track.  
Player: news / rumours  
Boozer: The swamp elves, down at Shadowthorn, are up to some trouble again.  
Player: buy / sell / equipment / goods / stuff / ware  
Boozer: I can offer you food and drinks. Get anything else somewhere else and don't bother me.  
Player: buy venorean ice cream  
Boozer: Ah, the sweet Venorean ice cream. Just the right thing to make a day at the racing track even more enjoyable! Do you want to buy an ice cream for 10 gold?  
Player: no  
Boozer: Then forget it, fine with me.  
Player: buy venorean ice cream  
Boozer: Ah, the sweet Venorean ice cream. Just the right thing to make a day at the racing track even more enjoyable! Do you want to buy an ice cream for 10 gold?  
Player: yes  
Boozer: Here it is. Be careful, it will last only a few minutes in this climate. Better eat it at once.  
Player: bye  
Boozer: You'll be back.  
