Player: hi  
Christoph: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
Player: KING / tibianus / leader  
Christoph: Tibianus III is our beloved king! He rules over Venore from far away Thais.  
Player: Venore  
Christoph: The harbour is to the north, the weapon market in the south, the general market to the west, and the bank to the east. You will find other shops and the Hard Rock Tavern in the centre.  
Player: job  
Christoph: I am a protector of the people of Venore.  
Player: dogs of war  
Christoph: They are our rolemodells.  
Player: battlegroups  
Christoph: I doubt you have the security clearance to ask that.  
Player: guard / army / secret police  
Christoph: This information is confidential.  
Player: news  
Christoph: Look for the Hard Rock Tavern to learn the latest news.  
Player: silver guard  
Christoph: Only the best of the best serve as silver guards.  
Player: city  
Christoph: This city, a member of the Thaian kingdom, is under the protection of the Thaian army.  
Player: ass / fuck / shit / idiot / stupid / homophobic word / lunatic / tyrant  
Christoph: Take this!  
Player: buy / sell  
Christoph: Ask the merchants of the city. There are more than enough.  
Player: castle  
Christoph: The castle is in Thais, the crown of the kingdom.  
Player: how are you?  
Christoph: That's classified information!  
Player: knights of noodles  
Christoph: Every guard dreams of becoming one of them one day.  
Player: monsters  
Christoph: The swamp is full of nasty snakes and there's a dragon breeding ground somewhere in the swamps.  
Player: swamps  
Christoph: The swamp is a dangerous place and full of monsters, not to mention all those swampelves living at shadowthorn, amazons, and swamptrolls.  
Player: swamptrolls  
Christoph: This hideous creatures are even more ugly than the normal trolls. They are treacherous and use several poisons.  
Player: swampelves  
Christoph: Those elves hide in the swamps and are trying to kill all humans in this area.  
Player: bye  
Christoph: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
