Player: Hi  
Dove: Be greeted, noble Player and welcome to the post offce.  
Player: Office / Job  
Dove: I am responsible for this post office. If you have questions about the mail system or the depots, just ask me.  
Player: Mail / Mailboxes / Help  
Dove: With our mail system you can send letters and parcels to other Tibians. I can either explain how letters and parcels work or sell them to you if you ask me for a trde.  
Player: Letter  
Dove: If you want to buy a letter, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how letters wrk?  
Player: Explain  
Dove: With a letter you can send a message to another Tibian's depot. If you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais, use the letter - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Write your message below that....  
Dove: Then drag your letter on one of the blue mailboxes here to sendit.  
Player: Depot  
Dove: Each major city has at least one depot. Just step in front of one of the lockers and you can store items inside. Your mail will also arrive there. It doesn't matter which depot you stored it in - you can retrieve all your items from any depot in any cty!  
Player: Parcels  
Dove: If you want to buy a parcel, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how parcels wrk?  
Player: Explain  
Dove: In a parcel you can send items to another Tibian's depot. Put your items into the parcel and also place a completed label with the name of the receiver inside. Then drag your parcel on one of the blue mailboxes here to sendit.  
Player: Label  
Dove: If you want to buy a label, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how labels wrk?  
Player: Explain  
Dove: Including a label in your parcel is important. Imagine you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais. Use the label - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Check the spelling and put it in your parcel!...  
Dove: Then drag your parcel on one of the blue mailboxes here to sendit.  
Player: Receiver  
Dove: Well, the receiver - or addressee - is the person you want to send mail to. Always make sure to enter his or her name correcly.  
Player: Name  
Dove: My name is Dve.  
Player: Bye  
Dove: Come back soon, noble Player.  
