Hugo: Ahh! A vision! I have a vision for a new outfit! Assistant, some paper, fast!
Player: hi
Hugo: Be greeted, player and welcome to the 'wearhouse'!
Player: job / welcome
Hugo: I am tailor and designer extraordinaire. Well, rather a designer. I leave most of the actual tailoring to my assistants.
Player: time
Hugo: Sorry, a watch would ruin my stylish outfit.
Player: name
Hugo: I am known as Hugo Chief.
Player: hugo
Hugo: Well it's not my real name. I took it because people think it's scaring and manly. I hate people doubting my manhood for being a tailor, you know.
Player: real name
Hugo: Uhm, well it's Oscar Savage, but who can become famous, especially as an artist, with a name like that I ask you?
Player: news
Hugo: Ask my apprentice Kalvin about our new collection.
Player: uniform
Hugo: I don't get it, what uniforms you are talking about?
Player: outfit
Hugo: Sorry, but my time is currently reserved for premium matters.
Player: addon
Hugo: Addons? What a plain expression for something as beautiful as our accessories. Ask my assistant Irmana for them.
Player: outfit / beggar
Hugo: I guess my vision wasn't that grand after all. I hope there are still people who enjoy it.
Player: warehouse
Hugo: I would call it a 'wearhouse'.
Player: bat wing
Hugo: Well, what do you expect? Bat wings come from bats, of course.
Player: brown piece of cloth
Hugo: Ghouls sometimes carry it with them. My assistant Irmana can also fabricate cloth from secondhand clothing.
Player: minotaur leather
Hugo: If you don't know how to obtain minotaur leather, ask my apprentice Kalvin. I'm far too busy for these trivial matters.
Player: heaven blossoms
Hugo: A flower favoured by almost all elves.
Player: gambling
Hugo: I too love to gamble now and then in the Hard Rock tavern.
Player: thais
Hugo: Thais is kind of a fashion hell. If there was an award for the most ugly citizens, it would go to Thais.
Player: carlin
Hugo: Women should know better than to hide in ugly armor. Like all followers of ugliness they will be punished one day.
Player: king
Hugo: He does not care much about us, we don't care much about him. I consider that a fair deal.
Player: army
Hugo: I think they should not wear that ugly armour in town. I will see to assure that will be changed soon.
Player: tax
Hugo: I don't care about such mundane things like 'taxes'.
Player: privilege
Hugo: The city was granted a few privileges by the king. I can't even tell which. They don't affect me that much.
Player: gambling
Hugo: I too love to gamble now and then in the Hard Rock tavern.
Player: excalibug
Hugo: I don't care for such fairytales.
Player: ferumbras
Hugo: The ferumbras-bad-ass-fashion is incredibly outdated since years.
Player: tibia / ugliness / punished
Hugo: A world filled with ugly dressed people needs the skills of a fashion hero.
Player: fashion hero
Hugo: One day Captain Catwalk will punish all crimes to fashion and bring all ugly people to justice.
Player: Captain Catwalk
Hugo: He's a supermodel! No one knows his secret identity!
Player: supermodel
Hugo: A model with incredible superpowers. Do you think they call them supermodels for nothing?
Player: bye
Hugo: Good bye, player.
