Player: hi  
Kalvin: Be greeted, player! If you need information about outfits, I'm your man.  
Player: job  
Kalvin: I'm an apprentice of Hugo. My current task is to inform everyone about our summer collection.  
Player: name  
Kalvin: My name is Kalvin.  
Player: hugo  
Kalvin: I hope that one day I will have grand visions, too.  
Player: outfit  
Kalvin: Ah, I can tell you all about the newest range of patterns! There are, all in all, four free outfits, seven premium outfits, and nine quest outfits.  
Player: free outfit  
Kalvin: Well, we have the traditional knight outfit, the hunter outfit, the mage outfit and the citizen outfit.  
Player: premium outfit  
Kalvin: Premium outfits are only available to characters on a premium account. They include the nobleman outfit, the summoner outfit, the warrior outfit, the barbarian outfit, the wizard outfit, the oriental outfit and the druid outfit.  
Player: quest outfit  
Kalvin: Quest outfits require certain tasks to be fulfilled before the outfit becomes accessible. Those quests are only available for premium customers. ...  
Kalvin: We currently have the pirate outfit, the assassin outfit, the beggar outfit, the norseman outfit, the shaman outfit, the jester outfit, the demon hunter outfit, the yalaharian outfit, the nightmare knight outfit and the brotherhood of bones outfit.  
Player: addons  
Kalvin: Addons are usually accessories. Each outfit has two addons which can be worn only together with this outfit. All addons have to be earned through quests.  
Player: quest  
Kalvin: Many addon quests require that a number of ingredients are collected.  
Player: Irmana  
Kalvin: <blushes> Such a beautiful and charming lady.  
Player: bye  
Kalvin: Good bye, player.  
Player: knight  
Kalvin: If you spend your time fighting monsters and need that little extra protection, this well-armored outfit is great for you. Addons are usually awarded by knight guilds.  
Player: hunter  
Kalvin: A light and comfortable ranger outfit which every paladin simply loves to wear. If you are looking to earn addons for this outfit, a good place to start would be the paladin guild in Thais.  
Player: mage  
Kalvin: Great for wise old male mages as well as for pretty enchantresses. If you are looking to earn addons, ladies should take a stroll in Port Hope, whereas elders should explore the Dark Cathedral.  
Player: citizen  
Kalvin: Your basic starter outfit - simple, but practical. If you are looking to earn addons for this outfit, you should walk around Thais and look for citizens wearing a hat or a backpack.  
Player: nobleman  
Kalvin: One of our finest pieces. If you have the money and wish to show how wealthy and noble you are, this is the outfit for you. We also create addons especially for you, right here.  
Player: summoner  
Kalvin: Great for young mages and ladies who love witchcraft. If you are looking to earn addons, gentlemen should take a stroll in Port Hope, whereas ladies should explore the Dark Cathedral.  
Player: warrior  
Kalvin: The lighter version of the knight outfit is great if you want to save stamina and maintain agility. Addons are usually awarded by knight guilds.  
Player: barbarian  
Kalvin: This outfit stands for raw power, battle cries and lack of manners. I heard that there are a few barbarians living near Northport. They might just be able to provide fitting addons.  
Player: wizard  
Kalvin: Are you feeling evil today? This outfit is fitting for mages pursuing the dark side of sorcery. Shunned by the magic academy of Edron, you might find wizards hiding near Thais.  
Player: oriental  
Kalvin: This comfortable, yet fashionable outfit will create the romantic mood of Thousand and One Nights. A good place to look around for addons are naturally Darama and Ankrahmun.  
Player: druid  
Kalvin: Nature-loving and peaceful druids might like this outfit, especially the beastlike addons. I heard there is a druid living near Ab'Dendriel, who might be able to provide fitting addons.  
Player: pirate  
Kalvin: Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum! If you love the pirate way of life and sneer at landlubbers, this might be the right outfit for you. Pirates are said to roam the Shattered Isles...  
Player: assassin  
Kalvin: Mysterious and lethal, assassins are hard to find and almost impossible to befriend. I know of one assassin hiding away on the Daramian Plague Spire. If you are lucky, he won't kill you.  
Player: beggar  
Kalvin: Ah, Hugo is working on designing this look. He might need some inspiration, so if you have some time to spare, don't hesitate to contribute some ideas to him.  
Player: norseman  
Kalvin: This cosy outfit will keep you warm in the deepest winters. The inhabitants of Svargrond use it to travel around their frozen islands.  
Player: shaman  
Kalvin: If you have seen everything and worn every look, this outfit will put the icing on your cake. Maybe you can earn it by becoming the apprentice of a shaman... or voodoo priest.  
Player: jester  
Kalvin: You really want to look like a jester?? Well, then you should go visit Bozo. Maybe you are foolish enough to join his newly founded fools guild. Normally, you find him at the castle in Thais.  
Player: demon hunter  
Kalvin: I think the members of the inquisition award this outfit to their members when they have reached a certain rank. They hide somewhere under Thais.  
Player: yalaharian  
Kalvin: The people travel to Yalahar and come back with these fancy clothings. One of them told me that the Edron Academy is sending people to this ancient city.  
Player: nightmare  
Kalvin: This noble order vanished a long time ago. They were once located at the Plains of Havoc. Maybe you can find some hints about their remains if you go there. But be careful, it is a very dangerous area!  
Player: brotherhood of bones  
Kalvin: They were the followers of Goshnar, the king of necromancy. They fought the Nightmare Knights without knowing any limits. It might be a foolish thing to look for them but if you are interested, the Plains of Havoc are a good start.  
