Player: hi
Minzy: Welcome. Good you're showing up.
Player: name
Minzy: I am known as Minzy.
Player: showing up / job
Minzy: I've never considered to follow a profession. But people tend to call me a swamp witch because I sometimes make brews with unusual ingredients in my cauldron. So I guess that is what I am.
Player: witch
Minzy: Not all witches are evil. Neither do all of us fit into such simple categories like good and evil at all. ...
Minzy: In these days, several of us work for a common cause and put our differences aside for a greater goal. ...
Minzy: I think there is a lot to learn from this and I hope it will somehow be an inspiration for others.
Player: cauldron
Minzy: The cauldron is ancient and sacred to us. It bears powerful enchantments and years of use in rituals have changed its very structure in the fabric of reality.
Player: brew
Minzy: The brew is not ready by far. We are just beginning and there is much left to be done.
Player: brew
Minzy: We made it! Oh this joy. Seeing all those good people working together warms my heart. You did a great thing in averting the bane bringers' curse. ...
Minzy: One whole year we will enjoy fortune and luck as we know and love it. In the imminent time though be prepared for a great surge of luck!
Player: bane bringer
Minzy: We have to hold the ritual in these days when they are strongest. They might even manifest now and then harass us in our ritual with the help of rotten dead things . ...
Minzy: But this is nothing compared to their wrath if we should fail the ritual. We would have to wait a whole year to try a new ritual and had to endure the malignant attacks of the bane bringers in the meantime.
Player: attacks
Minzy: The bane bringers work in a very subtle way. You might lose connection to a dear friend, have considerable streaks of bad luck or make new enemies. ...
Minzy: Perhaps they'd let something of your possession vanish or make you look like a cheater or liar through some strange coincidence. The worst thing they do is eating away your luck and happiness though.
Player: venore
Minzy: One would guess the trade barons could easily spare the ingredients for the brew, but they won't lift a finger and call us superstitious fools. ...
Minzy: In the past, they even sent mercenaries to disrupt our ritual but our resistance proved too expensive for their tastes. Still, we failed to complete the ritual that year and many suffered.
Player: magic
Minzy: I won't share my knowledge with strangers. Besides, there is little I know that would be of any practical use at all for you.
Player: ferumbras
Minzy: He has stolen much of his knowledge from several sources. The community of witches suffered particularly from his greed. ...
Minzy: We will not forget this. Although, some misguided souls sell themselves to him for some of the stolen and now lost knowledge in return.
Player: excalibug
Minzy: Weapons, weapons. Is this all you people care about? The bane bringer threat is a far more imminent event. This should be our focus.
Player: ingredients
Minzy: We need the ingredients and we need many of them. We gather supplies the whole year and prepare most of the brew in advance. ...
Minzy: But with our numbers dwindling, we need more and more help of the Tibians to save the world. You might gain our favour by helping us in our mission.
Player: favour
Minzy: By sacrificing items for our cause or igniting the cauldron's fire you will gain some favour within our circle. ...
Minzy: We are willing to trade certain potions to you. Your current favour is 0.
Minzy: There is also the option of choosing one of my trusty ravens instead, a black, grey or white one.
Player: potions
Minzy: These are my offers.
Player: black / grey / white
Minzy: Sorry, your favour is not high enough.
Player: white / grey / black
Minzy: Do you want to buy a [ white / grey / black ] raven for 1000 favour?
Player: yes
Minzy: Here you are.
Player: white / grey / black
Minzy: Hello, you already received a pet recently. It will take months to refill my stock - a raven like that doesn't hatch every day - and others want one, too. So please be patient for now.
Player: bye
Minzy: Take care my friend.
Player: (vanish)
Minzy: Please hurry.
