Ottokar: Oh my! Oh my!!  
Ottokar: All these troubles...  
Ottokar: Where to get enough food for all?  
Ottokar: This time things are getting troublesome.  
Player: hi  
Ottokar: Greetings my friend! You look like you're in quite good health!  
Player: health  
Ottokar: The poor often are the ones worst afflicted by plagues, for various reasons. Here in Venore, the swamp fever makes things even more dangerous. If I had some more medicine, though, things would surely change!  
Player: swamp fever  
Ottokar: The swamp fever is an old curse that has befallen this settlement ever since its founding. We still know very little about it. ...  
Ottokar: There seems to be a connection with humidity and starvation though. The upper classes apparently need not fear the fever as much. They contract it significantly less often, and usually receive immediate treatment with effective medicine. ...  
Ottokar: A luxury that the poor cannot afford.  
Player: medicine  
Ottokar: Do you have any medicine pouch with you?  
Player: no  
Ottokar: Oh, I see. If you happen to loot any of them, please bring them here. We need them desperately.  
Player: job  
Ottokar: I used my family's fortune to provide Venore with a poor house, where those without money, food and hope can find shelter.  
Player: shelter  
Ottokar: With the funding by some temples and donations of gracious adventurers, I am able to provide the homeless with some food and health care.  
Player: donations  
Ottokar: I have to be honest: there is no reward I could give you for a donation, regardless of how high it is. Your only reward would be to know that you have helped. ...  
Ottokar: So do you still intend to make a donation for the poor, knowing that there is no reward waiting for you?  
Player: no  
Ottokar: I can't blame you. These are hard times.  
Player: yes  
Ottokar: Thank you. How much do you want to donate?  
Player: 1 a 199  
Ottokar: Thank you very much, your help is appreciated.  
Player: 200 a 499  
Ottokar: You are very generous. This will feed a lot of empty stomachs!  
Player: 500 a 999  
Ottokar: I feel ashamed you offer that much and all I have in return is my gratitude.  
Player: 1000 a 4999  
Ottokar: I really don't know what to say in view of such a great help. We will be able to do a lot with your money. The roof! Perhaps we can even spare some money to fix the roof! And blankets! ...  
Ottokar: We could buy blankets for the winter! Oh, thank you! A thousand times thank you!  
Player: 5000 a 9999  
Ottokar: I am stunned by your generosity. This is just incredible. Oh, all the opportunities! Thank you so much!  
Player: 10000 / mais  
Ottokar: This has to be a dream! It can't be true! I just can't believe this! Words cannot express my gratitude. Rest assured your money will be put to good use! You have changed a lot of lives for the better today!  
Ottokar: Hm, it seems you do not have all the money you want to donate. Maybe you should start with smaller steps.  
Player: venore  
Ottokar: In Venore with all its riches, the difference between the rich and the poor are extreme. The upper class cares little for anything beside their own personal gain.  
Player: thais  
Ottokar: Some Thaians came here, lured by rumours of becoming rich within a short time. ...  
Ottokar: Of course their dreams were shattered, and the few that could even earn a meagre living can consider themselves lucky.  
Player: carlin  
Ottokar: It is said that in Carlin, a female aristocracy suppresses men, and that to laugh on the open streets there is deemed a frivolous and punishable offense.  
Player: edron  
Ottokar: What we hear of Edron is that it is a war-ridden isle on which a knightly order fights for supremacy again monsters, with the ordinary people paying a high blood toll for a futile agenda.  
Player: ab'dendriel  
Ottokar: The word is that the elves don't like foreigners at all.  
Player: liberty bay  
Ottokar: The stories of Liberty Bay sound all too familiar to the ones that foreigners tell who have come to Venore. ...  
Ottokar: I know a lot of desperate people who left with the intent to begin anew in Liberty Bay. Until today, we have never heard of them again.  
Player: kazordoon  
Ottokar: Kazordoon is a dark and humid place filled with smoke and the constant sound of hammering. As far as I know, only dwarfs can survive there.  
Player: king  
Ottokar: The king is far away and I doubt that he cares for the poor even in his own royal city. We here in Venore feel little of the king's benevolence, but still have to pay taxes.  
Player: troll  
Ottokar: Trolls are brutal cannibals and are the main reason why the poor can't even find some food in the environments. ...  
Ottokar: It is not too farfetched to assume they are the source of the swamp fever. Though it seems as if they were immune to it, they might be carriers of the disease.  
Player: bye  
Ottokar: Good bye, Player.  
