Player: hi  
Weakened Forest Fury: I greet you, human. This is a time of distress, more than ever are we in need of guardians to protect us and our world.  
Player: Distress  
Weakened Forest Fury: My pride is great but not greater than reason. I am not too proud to ask for help as this is a dark hour. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: This glade has been desecrated. We kept it secret for centuries, yet evil has found a way to sully and destroy what was our most sacred. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: There is only one way to reinvigorate its spirits, a guardian must venture down there and bring life back into the forest. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: Stolen seeds need to be wrested from the intruders and planted where the soil still hungers. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: The purest water from the purest well needs to be brought there and poured and birds that give life need to be brought back to the inner sanctum of the glade. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: Will you be our guardian?  
Player: Yes  
Weakened Forest Fury: Indeed, you will. Take one of these cages, which have been crafted generations ago to rob a creature of its freedom for that it may earn it again truthfully. Return the birds back to their home in the glade. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: You will find phials for water near this sacred well which will take you safely to the glade. No seeds are left, they are in the hands of the intruders now. Have faith in yourself, guardian.  
Player: Seeds  
Weakened Forest Fury: Seeds to give life to strong trees, blooming and proud. The intruders robbed us from them.  
Player: Water  
Weakened Forest Fury: The purest water flows through this well. For centuries we concealed it, for other beings to not lay their eyes on it.  
Player: Intruders  
Weakened Forest Fury: The intruders appeared in the blink of an eye. Out of thin air, as if they came from nowhere. They overrun the glade within ours and drove away what was remaining from us within the day.  
Player: Birds  
Weakened Forest Fury: Take care, guardian.  
Player: Cages  
Weakened Forest Fury: Crafted generations ago to rob a creature of its freedom for that it may earn it again truthfully. You will need them if you plan on returning the birds to their rightful home in the glade. ...  
Weakened Forest Fury: Are you in need of another one?  
Player: Yes  
Weakened Forest Fury: I already handed a cage to you. If you are in need of another one, you will have to return to me later.  
Player: Phials  
Weakened Forest Fury: Phials for the purest water from our sacred well. They are finely crafted and very fragile. We keep a small supply up here around the well. Probably the only thing the intruders did not care for.  
Player: Forest Fury  
Weakened Forest Fury: Take care, guardian.  
Player: Job  
Weakened Forest Fury: I was a guardian of this glade. I am the last one... everyone had to leave.  
Player: Name  
Weakened Forest Fury: My name is now known only to the wind and it shall remain like this until I will return to my kin.  
Player: Orclops  
Weakened Forest Fury: Cruel beings. Large and monstrous, with a single eye, staring at their prey.  
Player: Bye  
Weakened Forest Fury: Farewell, human.  
