The songs of Azaram were numerous and several of them lived on to be still sung in our days. His chivalrous exploits were the base of many modern fairy tales and three of the lections of the art of fighting still bear his name. All the more his fall from grace was more than tragic. It's a bitter and sad tale, recounted numerous times in different ways. Most of this tale still romanticise what has happened. Historical records thankfully give us a more precise picture. In one of his chivalric journeys he met a damsel of incredible beauty. Yet she was engaged to another, much older knight for political reasons. What exactly transpired is still disputed. Though the historical texts give us some plain fact. It cannot be ruled out that his love was indeed the result of a curse of a swamp witch coven. Azaram had certainly participated in several witch-hunts, albeit not in a more active way then his compatriots. It is still possible that he, as a prominent figure was chosen for a curse, to have a greater impact. Also it can't be ruled out, that the damsel in question had a more active and sinister role in the things that transpired. Though the stage play 'The poisoned love of noble Azaram' depicts her as an evil schemer there is little factual evidence to support that claim. Indeed though, she took an unusual road for her travel to her fiance and certainly not in a time that was suited to traveling. But the assumption she orchestrated the attack on her company and the timely rescue by Azaram seems a bit farfetched. For sure it's recorded that he accompanied her on her way from there on. What transpired on their trip together no historian can tell. When they arrived at the home of her fiance, Azaram stayed as honoured guest. When the wedding drew near he was more and more often found in a drunken stupor and susceptible to fits of rage. In the evening before the wedding, the groom took offence of his behaviour and scolded Azaram, reminding him of the knightly virtues. This lead to an outburst of Azaram in which he drew his weapon and swiftly slew his offender. Sobered up by the shock of his own action, he grabbed the maid and forced their way out of the castle, leaving several men at arms dead. The nightly chase lead them to the swamp. Perhaps he wasn't aware where he was riding or perhaps he hoped to lose the pursuers in the marsh under cover of darkness. When the hunters arrived they only saw a gnarled, armoured fist raising from the swamp. when they managed to retrieve the body, OOO was dead. The maid was nowhere to be found, supposedly resting in the swamp for eternity.