The Amazons Vol.3
This background of political conflict led to the ascendance of Amaza Saphira, an alchemist with an unusual talent for inspirational speeches and leadership. She claimed to have had visions of Banor and Elaine, informing her of the natural superiority of womankind. Although her political opponents attempted to discredit her, calling her delusional and stating that her visions were the results of noxious fumes concocted in her laboratory, Amaza'S speeches spoke to many people, and her radical viewpoint inspired many to join her cause. It was her belief that men were inferior beings and that Carlin was an acomplishment of womanhood. She wanted to drive all men from the city, or keep them in subjugation serving only in menial positions. She wanted to expand the army to demonstrate the strength of womanhood. Though she gained many followers, her radical position served as an example of the dangers of extremism and finally, the Queen felt pushed into a more moderate way of handling the army and its leadership.
Amaza, however, was not content with the Queen's decision and continued to gather followers amongst the population, many of them in the Queen's own army. What Amaza possessed in charisma and oratory she lacked in subtlety and secrecy. So her plan to overthrow the Queen and become a warrior queen in her place was doomed to failure before it could even begin. Although parts of the army sympathized with her ideas, not all were convinced enough to abandon their duty and betray their oaths to their Queen. Amaza and several of her key-followers were jailed before they could make their move. In the night before their trial Amaza and her allies were freed by some of her remaining followers in the city guard and their escape turned bloody when forces loyal to the Queen intervened.
However, Amaza and her women managed to escape the city. She now turned to the families who lived in the woods and the women who had abandoned the city after the army had been disbanded in search for new followers. These families had, over the years, taken on the structure of nomadic tribes and carried a strong warrior heritage which made them susceptible to Amaza's teachings. Many of the tribeswomen joined Amaza's forces, and over the weeks and months of her exile further recruits from Carlin arrived.
Perhaps, given time, Amaza might have eventually led her forces against Carlin. Perhaps with the help of conspirators within the city her forces might have surprised and overcome the Queen's army. However fate had a different end in store for her. She was killed by an orcish arrow in a night ambush. Even today, there is some speculation as to whether this conveniant solution to Carlin's problems was truly an act of fate, or whether the Queen had a hand in Amaza's death. Other theories state that the Thaian King was more concerned about Amaza's cult threatening the status quo in his city than he was happy about the destabilizing effect it was having on Carlin. A final explanation is that the Druid COuncil itself was responsible for her demise. However, there is precious little proof that the orcish arrow was anything more than an unfortunate series of events that in the long run probably prevented a long, drawn out struggle for the people of Carlin.
Her remaining followers named themselves Amazons in her honour. Though some of them returned to the city, most were too proud for such a move and stayed in the woods. Over the years outcasts from Carlin and desperate or vengeful women joined their ranks. So even when the original group splintered, the several subgroups and tribes managed to survive. Over the years they adopted various codes which can be more or less related to Amaza'S teachings. Those teachings have been passed on by word of mouth and are based on the rather unspecific speeches Amaza made. How much of the current practises of the Amazons is still based on the spirit of their founder is debatable.