Whatever became of Leetha Arnadette?  Volume 1
There is not a Tibian who does not know of Leetha Arnadette, Tibia's most prolific author. He has written books in almost every genre, from horror to history, fact to fiction, children's bedtime stories to university textbooks. Which pupil has not groaned inwardly when told to learn by heart passages from Arnadette's "Tibia - A History" (Or even outwardly groand - an action that cost this humble author three days off school with concussion - how was I to know my teacher was a high ranking paladin and the champion of the Rat Hurling Guild and a deadly shot with a board rubber?) Which babe has not been lulled into sweet dreams by Arnadette's "Nighttime tales for tiny Tibian tots"? Who has not wished to be Gerrick, the hero of "Jungle Adventure", and which adolescent has not been terrified by the story of the "Northwood Wolves"? No tourist in his right mind would consider travelling without Arnadette's "Rough Guide to Tibia" and even some households would be poorer for the lack of "Tibian Cooking Today, 1001 ways to serve Fish."
Many have wondered exactly where he got his inspiration from. His writings cover such a wide range of topics to such depth of expertise, that in his former years he must have been a great explorer and a well read student. However, there are no records of him ever having studied at any academy in Tibia and even grandparent's grandparents talk of him as an old man - which has led to the rumour that elven blood runs in his veins. Those who used to see him on his monthly trips out to the shops in his home town reported that he would often stop dead in his tracks, emit sparks from his beard, then grab a notebook from his robes and scribble frantically. Indeed there is one story that stated that he took three days to make it down the street, and citizens of Carlin took pity on his scribbling form and made sure he had food and drink. It is these rare sightings of Arnadette that led many to believe that he was either blessed (or cursed) with Godly inspiration, that he had been selected by the Gods as their scribe. In a world with so many Gods, this is an unfortunate fate for one man to bear, and also leads to the interesting question of exactly which God was responsible for the book titled "Why Rabbits Should be Blown up on Sight".
Arnadette has not been seen for many years, although he continues to produce books with incredible speed. Rumours had begun to circulate that he was actually dead and other writer's were selling books under his name simply to earn money. However, an old man, apparently his editor, has spoken out, claiming to know the truth about his sad fate. Whether the following fantastic tale is a true confession or the ramblings of a senile man remains to be seen, but it is the author's belief that this story should be brought to the attention of the public, so people braver than I may try to save Arnadette from a fate worse than ... well ... a bad fate.