Player: hi
Bron: Welcome to my humble hut, Player.
Player: name
Bron: My name is Bron. Pleased to meet you, Player.
Player: fighting spirit
Bron: What's that supposed to be?
Player: Gelagos
Bron: This... person... makes me want to... say something bad... must... control myself. <sweats> I really don't know what to do anymore....
Player: job
Bron: I am a barbarian. Me and my brother are the only ones in this region, as far as I know.
Player: outfit
Bron: Yes, it's true - I am a barbarian. Me and my brother are the only ones in this region, as far as I know.
Player: hut
Bron: I am a barbarian. Me and my brother are the only ones in this region, as far as I know.
Player: brother
Bron: The only thing we have in common is our mother and father - well, concerning the latter I'm not even sure. Maybe my mother had an affair with a cyclops or something.
Player: cyclops
Bron: Ajax simply won't understand the advantages of a well-regulated lifestyle. We have actually tried to live together, but we start to fight after a few minutes.
Player: Ajax
Bron: Ah, sigh. It is hard to believe that this illiterate savage is my one and only brother.
Player: savage
Bron: Ajax simply won't understand the advantages of a well-regulated lifestyle. We have actually tried to live together, but we start to fight after a few minutes.
Player: fight
Bron: No, no, not a physical fight, I'm really not into all this blood and breaking bones and smashing fists into each others faces. We were just... not of the same opinion.
Player: blood
Bron: Where? Where? I hope my carpet is not ruined. Last time Ajax was here he left a horrible mess.
Player: mess
Bron: I really don't want to think about it anymore.
Player: opinion
Bron: We always have different opinions on all sorts of matters. Such as interior decoration. Or violence.
Player: decoration
Bron: Nice furniture, isn't it?
Player: violence
Bron: Convincing Ajax that it is not always necessary to use brute force... this would be such an achievement. Definitely a hard task though. ...
Bron: Listen, I simply have to ask, maybe a stranger can influence him better than I can. Would you help me with my brother?
Player: no
Bron: Well... of course I didn't dare to hope that an educated person like you would waste time with a quarrel between two brothers.
Player: yes
Bron: Really! That is such an incredibly nice offer! I already have a plan. You have to teach him that sometimes words are stronger than fists. ...
Bron: Maybe you can provoke him with something to get angry, like saying... 'MINE!' or something. But beware, I'm sure that he will try to hit you. ...
Bron: Don't do this if you feel weak or ill. He will probably want to make you leave by using violence, but just stay strong and refuse to give up. ...
Bron: If he should ask what else is necessary to make you leave, tell him to 'say please'. Afterwards, do leave and return to him one hour later. ...
Bron: This way he might learn that violence doesn't always help, but that a friendly word might just do the trick. ...
Bron: Have you understood everything I told you and are really willing to take this risk?
Player: yes
Bron: You are indeed not only well educated, but also very courageous. I wish you good luck, you are my last hope.
Player: Brother is right. Fist not always good. (after going to Ajax)
Bron: Oh! He really said that? I am so proud of you, player. These are really good news. Everything would be great... if only there wasn't this person near my house.
Player: person
Bron: This... person... makes me want to... say something bad... must... control myself. <sweats> I really don't know what to do anymore....
Bron: I wonder if Ajax has an idea. Could you ask him about Gelagos?
Player: yes
Bron: Again, I have to thank you for your selfless offer to help me. I hope that Ajax can come up with something, now that he has experienced the power of words.
Player: fighting spirit (after getting one)
Bron: Fighting spirit? What am I supposed to do with this fi... - oh! I feel strange... ME MIGHTY! ME WILL CHASE OFF ANNOYING KIDS! GROOOAARR!! RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAGE!!
Player: hi (after giving fighting sirit)
Bron: Oh no! Was that really me? This is so embarassing, I have no idea what has gotten into me. Was that the fighting spirit you gave me?
Player: Yes
Bron: I'm impressed... I am sure this was Ajax' idea. I would love to give him a present, but if I leave my hut to gather ingredients, he will surely notice. ...
Bron: Would you maybe help me again, one last time, my friend? I assure you that your efforts will not be in vain.
Player: yes
Bron: Great! You see, I really would love to sew a nice shirt for him. I just need a few things for that, so please listen closely: ...
Bron: He loves green and red, so I will need about 50 pieces of red cloth - like the material heroes make their capes of - and 50 pieces of the green cloth Djinns like. ...
Bron: Secondly, I need about 10 rolls of spider silk yarn. I think mermaids can yarn silk of large spiders to create a smooth thread. ...
Bron: The only remaining thing needed would be a bottle of warrior's sweat to spray it over the shirt... he just loves this smell. ...
Bron: Have you understood everything I told you and are willing to handle this task?
Player: yes
Bron: Thank you, my friend! Come back to me once you have collected 50 pieces of red cloth and 50 pieces of green cloth.
Player: red piece of cloth
Bron: Have you really managed to fulfil the task and brought me 50 pieces of red cloth and 50 pieces of green cloth?
Player: yes
Bron: Terrific! I will start to trim it while you gather 10 rolls of spider silk. I'm sure that Ajax will love it.
Player: spider silk
Bron: Oh, did you bring 10 rolls of spider silk yarn for me?
Player: yes
Bron: I'm impressed! You really managed to get spider silk yarn for me! I will immediately start to work on this shirt. Please don't forget to bring me warrior's sweat!
Player: warrior's sweat
Bron: Were you able to get hold of a flask with pure warrior's sweat?
Player: yes
Bron: Good work, Player! Now I can finally finish this present for Ajax. Because you were such a great help, I have also a present for you. Will you accept it?
Player: yes
Bron: I have kept this traditional barbarian wig safe for many years now. It is now yours! I hope you will wear it proudly, friend.
Player: bye
Bron: Take care, Player!
