Player: hi
Atui: Be greeted at this forsaken place!
Player: name
Atui: My name is Atui.
Player: job
Atui: I am NOT a Corym, but a human such as you! ...
Atui: At least I was, before this madman Marrow turned me into this monster!
Player: forsaken
Atui: It's yet another place that has been tainted by the vile touch of Doctor Marrow!
Player: Marrow
Atui: He somehow fused animals and humans into abominations like me! But I endured. I escaped! And I swore revenge!
Player: revenge
Atui: I managed to follow Marrow and his new Quara allies to this thing here.
Player: thing
Atui: It's a gigantic walking plant that Marrow somehow stumbled upon. While in hiding, I could even hear his nefarious plans!
Player: plans
Atui: You see, Marrow and his henchmen are here to harvest a precious resin from the plant. Only the gods know what he might need it for.
Player: harvest
Atui: Yes, they harvest the resin, which brought them in conflict with some native plant people. Yet while harvesting the resin, Marrow found out a horrible detail.
Player: detail
Atui: When they hurt certain plant veins, the giant plant reacts. Now he is misusing this fact, to make it walk towards the mainland.
Player: mainland
Atui: Marrow figured he'd not only harvest the plant for its resin, he would also use the monster to pay back the society that shunned him and his amoral ideas.
Player: society
Atui: He will use the plant monster as a weapon of mass destruction and to devastate whole cities!
Player: devastate
Atui: I have no clue what could stop the plant monster from the outside, BUT we can kill Marrow here and now. ...
Atui: As soon as they stop harming the plant-thing it will probably get dormant again. So all we have to do, is to fight our way down to Marrow's lair deep down in the plant's stalk.
Player: deep
Atui: We better go separate ways. I have my own, stealthy methods. You will somehow have to handle Marrow's minions and the inhabitants of the plant.
Player: inhabitants
Atui: There are some native species here. Some sentient plants and the usual giant insects, you know. ...
Atui: The plant people are a strange lot, however. They revere the plant as their ancestor and its amber as sacred. I know because I talked to them!
Player: talked
Atui: Well they don't talk like we'd do! They somehow communicate directly from mind to mind. This only works for plantlife though, as far as I can tell. ...
Atui: By chance, however, I found a way to communicate with them, so to speak.
Player: communicate
Atui: Stranded here I was kind of desperate for food. I ate anything I could get. It gave me a bad stomach several times, I tell you.
Atui: But the worst was the demon root, as I called it!
Player: root
Atui: As soon as you digest it, or rather try to, the thing will burrow its roots into your system! It will give you the headache of a lifetime!
Player: headache
Atui: Turned out, that's actually a good thing! That thing seems to be rather symbiotic. As the plant people told me, it will do me no harm.
Atui: And after death I'd become the fertiliser for a neat little tree it seems! Not that I'd care when I'm dead. However the thing has a side effect.
Player: effect
Atui: Remember those roots, that burrow into your brain? Well they allow the priests of the plant people to communicate with you. If they like to, that is.
Player: priests
Atui: Some of them are the only ones willing to interact with us! Without their help you probably won't make it to Marrow's lair.
Player: help
Atui: Yes, they might be of help, but first things first! You'll need a demon root and devour it. ...
Atui: Luckily most plant creatures here might carry one around. They are rare but eventually you might loot one of them. Good luck.
Player: help
Atui: You have to gain the plant people's help. Only then you might proceed downward to confront Marrow.
Player: bye
Atui: Death to Marrow!
