Player: hi
Dal the Huntress: Welcome, traveller! Feel free to browse my selection of furs.
Player: name / dal
Dal the Huntress: My name is Dal, nice to meet you!
Player: job / hunter / huntress
Dal the Huntress: I am a huntress. There are plenty of deer around Bounac that needs to be kept in check.
Player: furs / sell / buy
Dal the Huntress: Sure, thanks to you I was able to reopen my business! Here you go!
Player: bounac
Dal the Huntress: Aaah, don't you just love it here? Well, I do.
Player: onfroi
Dal the Huntress: Quite a confused man but also really interesting once you got to know him a bit better.
Player: kesar the younger / king
Dal the Huntress: Our good king Kesar treats us fair and acts with wits and kindness.
Player: john the carpenter
Dal the Huntress: John had an accident with a snake it seems. He's currently trying to recover.
Player: wes the smith
Dal the Huntress: Wes, our blacksmith, is also a fine teacher. Go visit him some time!
Player: jehan the baker
Dal the Huntress: Jehan is a nice guy, not exactly the brightest spot under the sun but... I shouldn't say that, he's kind and always nice to me.
Player: fral the butcher
Dal the Huntress: Fral is our local butcher. He's actually an elf, did you know that? Didn't know they were so skilled with meat.
Player: evrard the miller
Dal the Huntress: You know Evrard? He's quite tough but can also crack a joke now and then, I quite like that.
Player: innkeeper alphonse
Dal the Huntress: Alphonse is a good friend, I sometimes come to the Lionheart when nothing much is going on and we just talk. ...
Dal the Huntress: Not much opportunities for that anymore during the siege, however.
Player: augustin
Dal the Huntress: Augustin is a trader at Kesar's court as far as I know.
Player: yselda
Dal the Huntress: I quite like that name. I wish you all the best on your travels!
Player: siege / drume / fugue
Dal the Huntress: There is some kind of feud between Drume, Fugue and Kesar. Don't ask me when and where that started but it's no secret that they never got along.
Player: bye
Dal the Huntress: Goodbye, traveller!