Player: hi
Fitzmaurice: Oh, hello there!
Player: name
Fitzmaurice: My name is Fitzmaurice. Maybe you already made the acquaintance of one of my older brothers.
Player: job
Fitzmaurice: Do I look like I'm working?
Player: brothers / fitzwilliam
Fitzmaurice: They're about as steadfast as me and could be practically anywhere and nowhere these days. ...
Fitzmaurice: Fitzwilliam has always wanted to visit exotic locations. Then again, he never did go out much in the first place. ...
Fitzmaurice: Fitzgerald also liked the warmth of this world's southern regions but he's not known to be that enthusiastic about travelling in general.
Player: fitz
Fitzmaurice: Don't know who you're talking about there, sorry.
Player: bounac
Fitzmaurice: What a fine place to live, eat, drink and enjoy life!
Player: king
Fitzmaurice: Kesar is a good ruler. They say he doesn't see himself much of a king, well, to each their own I guess.
Player: prison
Fitzmaurice: Yes, welcome! Well it may be more of a prison to you than it is to me. I grew quite fond of it.
Player: siege
Fitzmaurice: Ah, you know, battering rams here, catapults there... overall it has been pretty quite down here so far.
Player: help
Fitzmaurice: Help? You need help? What can I do for... oh, you mean me? No, no thanks. I'm good, just fine.
Player: fine
Fitzmaurice: Of course! I mean, look around you! I got everything I need here! It's dry, not too hot during the warmer days and I've got plenty to eat! ...
Fitzmaurice: You get better food down here in this prison than in most places up there out in the world. ...
Fitzmaurice: Well, there is one thing, though... but I wouldn't want to bother you with an errand.
Player: errand / wine
Fitzmaurice: Hm, nah, I shouldn't really bother you with this. You know, they have some excellent food down here but the wine... ...
Fitzmaurice: It sure tastes like the real thing but they seem to stretch it with water. ...
Fitzmaurice: Now I don't know if this is just for us prisoners down here or if it's because of the siege but I'd really like to taste some good wine. ...
Fitzmaurice: Don't know if you ever met my brothers but one of them, Fitzwilliam, is a keen gourmet of wine and used to have a vineyard estate.
Player: wine
Fitzmaurice: Hm, nah, I shouldn't really bother you with this. You know... what do you have there? Wine? A Fitzwilliam's Special...? Oh! ...
Fitzmaurice: Now that's what I call WINE, thank you very much! Hope you enjoy your stay in Bounac as much as I do, my friend!
Player: bye
Fitzmaurice: Farewell!