Player: hi
Kesar the Younger: Hail, what can I do for the hero of Bounac? The siege is finally under control, thanks to you.
Player: name
Kesar the Younger: My name is Kesar the Younger. You are welcome.
Player: job
Kesar the Younger: I take care of these humble lands and its inhabitants, helping to organise life on this island in every way I can.
Player: king
Kesar the Younger: Many a king and queen have ruled the lands of Tibia. I do not consider myself one of them.
Player: bounac
Kesar the Younger: Our ancestors came to Bounac centuries ago. As part of the Order of the Lion, they journeyed across the lands to bring peace, knightly virtues and prosperity to the known world. ...
Kesar the Younger: They settled down here to found what is now know as Bounac.
Player: siege
Kesar the Younger: It is done. Drume's forces lie broken on the battlefield. You witnessed the fall of a great enemy of the Order of the Lion. ...
Kesar the Younger: You stood tall against the enemy forces and helped our cause wherever you could. ...
Kesar the Younger: I therefore announced you the 'Hero of Bounac'. You are honourable citizen of this town now. ...
Kesar the Younger: Feel free to roam Bounac as you please. This also means certain benefits when trading with our court trader Augustin. ...
Kesar the Younger: Whenever you're here for a visit, the large house to the south of Bounac is now completely at your disposal. ...
Kesar the Younger: And if we can persuade you into a longer stay perhaps, there is a small house further to the south of the island which may pique your interest. ...
Kesar the Younger: Thank you for your service to Bounac, Hero.
Player: yselda
Kesar the Younger: Yselda... my Yselda. What do you know about her, hero of Bounac?
Player: (any)
Kesar the Younger: Wait, before you say anything - you truly have earned my trust and the goodwill of all the people of Bounac. However, this matter is of the most delicate nature. ...
Kesar the Younger: Her name is merely a whisper accross these lands and I dare not summon the cruel ghosts of our cursed past. ...
Kesar the Younger: Yselda, my beloved wife has been taken from me. I am sure of it. Dark forces far beyond my control took a part in this malicious play. ...
Kesar the Younger: Someone, or something... took her. Away from me, away from Bounac I fear and into the depths of a dark misery not even the foulest of creatures could have conjured up. ...
Kesar the Younger: I've seen it. I have seen her. Standing there, just standing. Trying to talk to me. Shrouded in a black mass ...
Kesar the Younger: I visited a seer, Lesh, he showed me her dark fate. To this day I battle the dreams I paid this unsettling knowledge with. ...
Kesar the Younger: She is not dead, nor is she alive. She just stands there, waiting. Breathing, watching. Excuse me, I cannot bear these thoughts much longer.
Player: yselda
Kesar the Younger: Yselda... my Yselda. Only time itself now has the power to show mercy over her poor soul.
Player: bye
Kesar the Younger: Farewell then, traveller.