Player: hi
Lesh the Seer: A good day I wish, wanderer. Are you here because of the curse? I know you're here because of it... I know it.
Player: name
Lesh the Seer: Lesh is my name, an important one for you to remember.
Player: lesh
Lesh the Seer: That's me, I am Lesh, the seer. The same you're currently talking to, unless you're actually talking to someone else.
Player: job / seer
Lesh the Seer: I am a seer. The most valued seer in all of Bounac. And the only one since my evil adversary Bosh turned tail and ran.
Player: Bosh
Lesh the Seer: I have to say - a man worthy of our profession. He was a skilled healer, always a lot of things on his mind, ever busy and... then he just vanished. ...
Lesh the Seer: You know, I didn't very much like him when he was still around but now that he's gone and I'm stuck with old Onfroi here - let's just say I wish him all the best.
Player: onfroi / wizard
Lesh the Seer: Pah. Onfroi doesn't know the first thing about medicine. He likes to dabble in obscure magic and research preposterous spells. While all he'd need is everywhere around him: nature.
Player: bounac / nature / life
Lesh the Seer: Nature is pure around Bounac. Healthy and strong like a giant root, grasping firmly to the warm core of the world. With gentle arms it holds us in custody, nurturing all beings with life.
Player: john the carpenter
Lesh the Seer: Yes, I treated him. Treated him well and good. He was bitten by a snake. Regular warm and healthy baths in the hot springs beneath the mountain will heal him.
Player: kesar the younger / king
Lesh the Seer: Kesar, I serve him well and true. He will know what has befallen him and his line, his eyes towards fate will be open - always. I will see to that.
Player: wes the smith
Lesh the Seer: Wes is quite helpful with my cooking stuff, he always fixes my things.
Player: dal the huntress
Lesh the Seer: If you need fur, Dal can provide a good assortment of hides, furs and leather.
Player: jehan the baker
Lesh the Seer: Not my kind of meal.
Player: fral the butcher
Lesh the Seer: He is trustworthy, if a bit obnoxious at times.
Player: evrard the miller
Lesh the Seer: A good person, helping and knowledgable.
Player: innkeeper alphonse
Lesh the Seer: Alphonse owns the Lionheart inn, I don't go there much but it's south of town if you want.
Player: augustin
Lesh the Seer: That guy seems to elude me all the time. Even more so than the old wizard.
Player: curse
Lesh the Seer: A curse, yes. A curse has befallen the queen. Our poor king will utter Yselda's name no more, yet his heart longs for a conclusion.
Player: yselda
Lesh the Seer: Yselda, yes, an important name. The lands are in turmoil as of now and the king as an occupied mind, however.
Player: siege / drume / fugue
Lesh the Seer: Intrigues and lies and war and death, the usurpers have no respect for anything and will not let anyone stand in their way.
Player: bye
Lesh the Seer: Farewell and keep safe, wanderer.