Player: hi
Onfroi: Welcome, traveller! Is it tea you're looking... oh, is it still morning? Anyway, browse my stock now.
Player: stock / trade
Onfroi: Of course, traveller. Feel free to browse!
Player: name
Onfroi: They call me TRAVELLER! Yehees! Oh, I mean, no - NO! They call me Onfroi. I am Onfroi, the wizard. Pleased to meet you, traveller!
Player: onfroi
Onfroi: Oh yes, that's me, indeed!
Player: job
Onfroi: I am the local healer currently. Well, most of the time. I'm actually a well-known wizard, you might not know me, though.
Player: healer / help
Onfroi: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: bounac
Onfroi: A fine place, I absolutely love it here. Time and space for all my experiments and I'm free to do as I please.
Player: spectulus
Onfroi: You know him? Spectulus is a very old friend of mine! We haven't seen in years now, however. I wonder how he's doing...!
Player: lesh the seer
Onfroi: Lesh is a mysterium, an enigma. A big, unstable question mark. He knows nothing about healing magic and I don't know what he does to people.
Player: john the carpenter
Onfroi: John is not here, we had to send him out of town for medicine as even I couldn't treat his bite.
Player: wes the smith
Onfroi: The blacksmith has some quite handy tools. He helped me building some of the machinery I need during my experiments.
Player: king
Onfroi: Oh you mean Kesar, he is quite alright. I like him. You know, the whole part of him trying not to act like a king. ...
Onfroi: It's adorable. And of course he is. A true king, I mean.
Player: dal the huntress
Onfroi: Dal is always kind to me. And I have the most refreshing conversations with her.
Player: jehan the baker
Onfroi: Jehan makes some delicious pastry. You got to try it.
Player: fral the butcher
Onfroi: We have an excellent butcher in town, skilled and knowledgeable in all things meat.
Player: evrard the miller
Onfroi: Evrard is our miller, he's very honest and trustworthy.
Player: innkeeper alphonse
Onfroi: I don't visit the inn much but Alphonse is a nice person.
Player: augustin
Onfroi: Kesar's royal trader, he trades in the most peculiar wares.
Player: yselda
Onfroi: Beautiful name. Mysterious and delicate. Have a fine day, my friend!
Player: siege / drume /
Onfroi: Pah, the siege. It's horrible! Nobody can finish their experiments... well I can't for one... it's unbearable.
Player: potion
Onfroi: We offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes: normal, strong, great and ultimate. Ask me for a trade to see my offers.
Player: vial
Onfroi: Well, you could ask me for a trade to deposit your flasks, but you can also do it old style. I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Ok?
Player: no
Onfroi: Hmm, but please keep Tibia litter free.
Player: bye
Onfroi: Farewell, traveller...