Excerpt from "Deep Thoughts", personal comments of Chronicler Lagatos to his unfinished work "Encyclopedia Terra Subaqua":
Before the oceans that formed on Tibia took the shape they hold today, the underwater world of Tibia was already a diverse, busy and sprawling place. Ruled by the one god of the deep: Qjell*, Deus Profundis. Guarded by three depth lords: Obujos, Defensor Profundis, Jaul, Protektor Profundis and Tanjis, Expeditus Profundis, he dwelled on the very bottom of the deepest ocean. (*These names have been repeated excessively in almost all of the few writings discovered of this old civilisation so far and were extracted as the names of the three main individuals around Qjell.)
Although violent and often primitive in nature, these creatures of the deep are strangely interconnected and should be considered intelligent beings. They communicate and interact with each other on a higher level than most inhabitants of the Tibia oceans. However, each of their existences is mostly focused on specific tasks. As each Deepling has to play its role, the social structure of their society is clearly structured and layered in strict castes. From what is known through collected studies and vague interpretations of writings in the foreign language of higher Deeplings, higher castes suppress members of lower classes systematically. This is achieved by radical control of everyday life of lower Deeplings and strict classification. Besides fear and oppression, higher classes especially utilise limitations to reach these goals. Parts of the society will not be able to access specific religious sites, sacred writings or even habitats of higher members. It is not possible for the majority of Deeplings to acquire the knowledge necessary to breach their social status for their entire life. Members of the upper class hand-pick other Deeplings for their future role as they see fit. Effectively destroying their former social life, family ties and former duties. From what is known to this date, the selected members accept their fate for a "greater good" of which it is unknown whether it defines worshipping their God King Qjell or simply living in service for the upper castes. It is highly possible that this system of control is maintained to reduce the risk of riots and keep the general mood and morale at a manageable level. It is not known how old (or young) this civilisation was when they decided to "reduce" their society to cattle and shepherd, but it is possible that they found this to be the only form that guarantees survival of the race as a whole. So far this concept did not fail.
Lower castes consist of scouts, various kinds of warriors and simple workers. So far it is assumed that the main tasks of female Deeplings, while being valued very highly in all layers of Deepling society, focusses on creative or supportive tasks as well as their offspring. Though it is unknown whether there are specific roles for females in higher castes.