Player: hi
Captain Kurt: Harr! Wanna go off this island? Need me an' my ship!
Player: hi
Captain Kurt: Harrr, first get your adventurer's stone from the chest here matey. Then we can talk.
Player: hi
Captain Kurt: How cute, a freshly hatched newcomer. Harr. Can't leave this island without a vocation, y'know? Y'should talk to the four vocation masters first, Player.
Player: hi
Captain Kurt: Harrr, a new sorcerer! Can't wait to get off this lousy island and head for adventure, eh? Want me to bring ya somewhere nice, Player?
Player: kurt
Captain Kurt: Hrm?
Player: passage / sail / travel
Captain Kurt: Nope, yer not going anywhere. Can't transport ya without a vocation, y'know?
Player: donate
Captain Kurt: Y'dun have more than 1000 gold pieces. Keep yer li'l pennies.
Player: vocation
Captain Kurt: Ya must have one if ya wanna leave here. Need some power before going to the main continent, aye!
Player: main
Captain Kurt: Y'chose a peaceful world. Ain't much danger from other guys. Just beware the monsters, y'know. Wanna go there, ask fo' a passage.
Player: masters
Captain Kurt: Lemme get this right, ahum. Estrella, Hykrion, Narai and Yandur. Aye, that's it.
Player: ship
Captain Kurt: She's pretty, ain't she? Will bring ya almost anywhere. Though a young seadog such as you should consider to travel to Hector's Peninsula first. The traver is fo' free. Just once though! Gotta ask fo' a passage.
Player: hykrion
Captain Kurt: Harr. My training partner, aye. Talk t'him for knight info.
Player: knight
Captain Kurt: Rock solid vocation. Easy t'play, hard t'master.
Player: yandur
Captain Kurt: Can be nice t'have a healer around. Talk t'him for druid info.
Player: druid
Captain Kurt: Decent vocation. Healing's always nice.
Player: estrella
Captain Kurt: Scary lady. Makes me feel sorta stupid at times. Talk t'her for sorcerer info.
Player: sorcerer
Captain Kurt: Turns out pretty powerful in the end.
Player: narai
Captain Kurt: Harrrrrrrrrr. Nuff said. Talk t'her for paladin info.
Player: paladin
Captain Kurt: I prefer t'have my enemies closer to my face than those distance fighters. Harrr.
Player: raffael
Captain Kurt: A shop without rum or beer ain't a good shop. Just my opinion, man.
Player: tibia
Captain Kurt: That's how the whole place is called.
Player: rookgaard
Captain Kurt: Nah, y'dun wanna go back there.
Player: ab'dendriel
Captain Kurt: Ab... Den... wha'ever, I never get that spelling right. Main city of the elves, lots of trees 'n stuff. Very cosy and safe I guess if yer fond of nature. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: ab'dendriel
Captain Kurt: So it's Ab'Dendriel the tree city of the elves y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: ankrahmun
Captain Kurt: Only for premium travellers! Desert pyramid city close to the ocean, far too hot and dry for my taste. But word is there are good hunting grounds nearby. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Ankrahmun
Captain Kurt: So it's Ankrahmun, the pyramid city in the desert y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: carlin
Captain Kurt: A city ruled by crazy amazon women! Blimey! Depends on yer taste whether ya think that's good or not. Harr. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Carlin
Captain Kurt: So it's Carlin, the city under womens rule, a rival to Thais y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: darashia
Captain Kurt: Only for premium travellers! One of the two desert cities. Built around an oasis. Decent location for a newcomer. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Darashia
Captain Kurt: So it's oasis town of Darashia y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: edron
Captain Kurt: Only for premium travellers! Quiet little castle city on an island in the north-eastern part of Tibia. Good place for starters, really. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Edron
Captain Kurt: So it's Edron, the sactle city of knightly valor and the academy of magic y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: liberty bay
Captain Kurt: Only for premium travellers! Liberty Bay is on an island group in the South Seas. Pirates 'n stuff, y'know. Gotta be careful, but good hunting location. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Liberty Bay
Captain Kurt: So it's Liberty Bay, the sailors city y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: port hope
Captain Kurt: Only for premium travellers! Port Hope is an outpost right in the middle of the jungle. Who'd want to go there?? Except for really crazy adventurers? I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Port Hope
Captain Kurt: So it's Port Hope, the pioneers city in the jungle y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: thais
Captain Kurt: Old-school city. Actually the oldest main city in Tibia. Be careful on those streets, there're bandits everywhere. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Thais
Captain Kurt: So it's Thais, the oldest of the human kingdoms y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: venore
Captain Kurt: Harrr, one of the richest cities, filled with merchants. Dunno though why they built it over a stinking swamp though. I can sail there if ya like.
Player: Venore
Captain Kurt: So it's Venore, the rich swampcity of traders y'wanna live in? What y'say, yes or no?
Player: kazordoon
Captain Kurt: The underground dwarven city. Doesn't have a real harbour, so I can't bring ya there, y'know.
Player: yalahar
Captain Kurt: Now that must be one o' the biggest cities I've ever seen. Might be not cosy for a newcomer like yerself though. And I can't sail there anyway... they don't let everyone enter their fine pretty harbour, y'know.
Player: rathleton
Captain Kurt: Curious place for sure. Full of strange machines and monsters. Would be quite dangerous for ye'. I don't know who to traverse the treacherous reefs around the isle anyway.
Player: svargrond
Captain Kurt: Nah, can't bring ya there. Those nordic barbarians have their own rules of who they wanna let live in their city. But go there sometime, heard it's quite interesting.
Player: roshamuul
Captain Kurt: Dangerous area, for sure. Far too dangerous for someone like you. A place of demons and nightmares they say. The inquisition would never allow me to drop you into your sure death.
Player: krailos
Captain Kurt: That's a faraway grassland, inhabited by savage ogres.
Player: premium
Captain Kurt: Some regions in the world can't be accessed by everyone. Gotta pay, y'know? If y'spend some real cash fo' premium time, I can bring ya t'much cooler locations.
Player: hi -> no (vocation)
Captain Kurt: Hrrrm. Then what'd ya want? Learn about the main Tibian cities?
Player: no
Captain Kurt: So ya know it all, eh? Where'd ya want me to bring ya then, kid? Ab'Dendriel, Ankrahmun, Carlin, Darashia, Edron, Liberty Bay, Port Hope, Thais, Thais Peninsula or Venore? ...
Captain Kurt: Also know that as a new adventurer ya can travel between cities six times for free via the adventures guild. Just speak to old Charos in the guild.
Player: hi -> (any)
Captain Kurt: Kid, one thing y'should learn. Answer with yes or no and ya'll get much farther than with random babbling.
Player: sail
Captain Kurt: So, y'chose your new home city? Which one's it gonna be?
Player: hectors peninsula
Captain Kurt: So it's Hector's Peninsula to the east of Thais, recommended for new heroes, as yer new home? I can sail there if ya like.
Player: no
Captain Kurt: Changed yer mind? What city d'ya wanna head to, Ab'Dendriel, Ankrahmun, Carlin, Darashia, Edron, Liberty Bay, Port Hope, Thais, Thais Peninsula or Venore?
Player: yes
Captain Kurt: And off we go! If yer lost, dun forget t'talk to Hector at the port for directions to get a head start!
Player: bye
Captain Kurt: Hrrrm. Better y'stay here for a bit, aight.
Player: (vanish)
Captain Kurt: Hrrrrm. And a good day to you, too!
