Player: (idle)
Willem: Be the hunter! Be a paladin!
Willem: Paladins do it with their eyes closed!
Player: hi
Willem: Hi there! You don't have an apple, by any chance?
Player: name
Willem: I am Willem, prentice paladin to the honourable Narai.
Player: willem
Willem: Yes? You have something to tell me? Or an apple?
Player: apple
Willem: I love apples! An apple a day keeps the doctor away. ...
Willem: Of course, a bow and some arrows will keep him at a safe distance as well. Ahem. ...
Willem: Do you have an apple with you?
Player: no
Willem: Oh, too bad. But I have a spare somewhere. I do tricks with them. ...
Willem: I can shoot that apple from your head with my bow! - No wait, don't run away, it's absolutely safe! I'm a dead shot at this!!
Player: yes
Willem: You do? Would you give it to me?
Player: yes (no apples)
Willem: Harhar. Nice try.
Player: yes
Willem: Wow, thanks! <crunch> Red apples are the best! I do tricks with them, too. ...
Willem: I can shoot that apple from your head with my bow! - No wait, don't run away, it's absolutely safe! I'm a dead shot at this!!
Player: bow
Willem: My favourite weapon. Unsurpassed in grace and beauty! ...
Willem: Spears and throwing stars are quite practical for hunting too, though. If you want to learn how to fight like a paladin, visit Shanoya. Second tent to the right, you can't miss it.
Player: Shanoya
Willem: She is top of our class and our combat trainer. Formidable with the spear! You should see her. A true huntress.
Player: Narai
Willem: She is the paladin vocation trainer on the Island of Destiny. ...
Willem: Talk to her after the festival if you want to become a paladin, too!
Player: paladin
Willem: The noblest of vocations. Roam the forests as a ranger! Hunt with the hunters! Slay unholy beasts!
Player: ranger / hunters
Willem: A paladin rank. Sneak gracefully through the forests of Tibia and shoot clumsy monsters with your bow from afar!
Player: unholy
Willem: Undead creatures like mummies, ghouls or vampires. We paladins slay them with our unique gift of holy magic. But our primary weapon to hunt monsters is the bow or spear.
Player: magic
Willem: We paladins exclusively use holy magic, to slay undead and unholy creatures. Sorcerers and druids use the other forms of magic.
Player: bye
Willem: Godspeed, and may we meet again as fellow rangers!
Player: (vanish)
Willem: Choose your destiny!
