While some stories claim that the princess ruled over a realm besieged by an endless stream of enemies (the undead perhaps), and that she ordered her remaining people to board their ships and set sail, others tell of a long journey through besieged lands, of endless battles that took their toll on her people until they reached the coast where they 'boarded the ships' and set sail. Now, the latter version suggests a perhaps darker version of the story, since the boarding of foreign ships would not have taken place without some force and warfare on its own. Yet in even other stories it is said that the 'goodly seapeople' took pity of the plight of the princess, and that their ships came from the mists to carry her people away. Interestingly, the 'seapeople' are a consistent element in various tales about the exodus. In one version, closest to the basic one, the king of the seapeople became smitten with the brave and strong princess and agreed to save her people if she bore him a child. Upon arrival at their destination, the pregnant princess denied the sea king his child and he therefore cursed her people to never be able to traverse the seas again. In several other stories, the seapeople at least encountered the princess and for some reason or other agreed to guide her through the sea that was in turmoil due to violent storms and savage sea creatures. Most descriptions of the seapeople picture them to be tall, slender, with pointy ears and bluish skin. I believe here the natives mixed up the seapeople with the elves from the stories of the newly arrived settlers.
Be that as it may, the princess and her men finally ended up on an unknown coastline. Stories tell of an attempted ambush on her and her forces. It's entirely possible though that they already arrived as would-be conquerors. Regardless of this, it seemed certain that the populace of the isle was oppressed by some creature so that the princes did not have to fight the human population in any significant way. Instead, they fought the 'other minions' of the blood lord, often described as beasts entirely made up of blood and gore. It is likely that having fought in the Corpse Wars and having survived them, Ramora and her followers had weapons, tactics ans magic available to fight even such abomination, without running away screaming at the first confrontation. Finally they cornered and slew the beast that oppressed the isle. Probably in a gesture of unification she married (? the stories here a irritatingly vague) a local man that was declared to be some hero in the whole affair. Bringing with them more determination than the natives had and possessing some knowledge that was alien to them, the new arrivals changed the isle's civilisation significantly. Houses were built, the crude machines where put to a more efficient use, and more effort was put into understanding the relics of the past.