As I mentioned we were no strangers to battle and the gruesome sights of war but none of us was prepared for when we found Julas, after hacking through the doors that guarded his personal quarters. Let us just say he had done 'things' to his servants and his own body. The walls were smeared with blood in patterns that reminded me on magic symbols. He was barely alive, more then could be said about his poor servants, a dozens or so. And there was madness in his eyes. A madness that was so deep and intense that you could not stand the look of his eyes for long. He was babbling incoherent sentences and giggling and laughing all the while spittle dropped uncontrollable from his mouth. With his mutilations he might not have survived the night anyway but I was taking no chances. I had a pyre constructed and got rid of him before the turn of midnight. None of his subjects objected. That alone was proof I was right to do that.
I assumed now things would take a turn for the better now. I assumed reign over the city awaiting the people to show some rightful successor I could accept and planed to go on with the construction of a base for our order. But perhaps I should have read my dreams better then that.
At first it became obvious that each and every night I tried to enter the dream realm I became trapped in nightmares of blood and soon sensed a presence of something malignant, evil but completely elusive that was stalking me. And more! There was something, not yet a voice though, that seemed to urge me to do even more vile and abominable thing as Julas had done.
To make matters worse each and every pretender for the throne the citizens half-heartedly presented seemed to be the descendant of the same degenerate branch of a family that hat two generations ago slaughtered any other of the royal lines to the last man. I sensed that non of them was to be trusted, each of one more depraved  then the other.
So I was in a dilemma. Through the malignant presence the isle was unsuitable for us as a base. No chance to create a dreampath here or to have dreams not tainted by whatever lurked here. On the other hand those people were in desperate need of leadership and something had to be done about whatever haunted this isle.
So with no resistance from the citizens who seemed rather glad that not another ruler of that degenerate line would be instituted I assumed the title of lord protector of the realm. Though I had to sent most of my men away to fight in other battles and the other dreammasters showed concern about my decision I think it was the right thing to do. I will lead this people to new prosperity and will see that the evil of the isle is contained while I work to find a way to destroy it once and for all.