The first dragon which reappeared in the awakening world settled down quite close to the human city Thais. The formidable beast knew no fear of mankind and justifiably so. The first humans who encountered the dragon most likely were devoured. It took some time until the word about the dragon was spread by those who eventually managed to escape. Soon heroes flocked to the cave to challenge and slay the beast. The heroes from the morning of the awakening world were only accustomed to monsters like orcs and the occasional cyclopes. For this reason, they considered themselves as invincible. Little did they know about the power of a dragon.

When the first of the greatest heroes perished, the world held its breath in shock. More heroes were sent, this times in groups. This time they used the fledgling art of magic, but to no avail. One by one and group by group, the heroes fell. The hoard and the fame of the dragon grew. Then by chance a cunning hero learned that the dragon was allergic to certain flowers. Strategies were devised to use this weakness against it. However, this weakness only ensured that some of the would-be-dragonslayers managed to escape. And although the rediscovered knowledge about magic increased and was successfully used against dragons that appeared elsewhere, the first dragon managed to elude this fate. One day the king decided that action had to be taken against the vile beast in the vicinity of his beloved city. So he gathered an army of heroes from all over the realm to confront and finally slay the dragon. A formidable army was established that marched towards the dragon's lair. Armed to the teeth with weapons, ammunition and runes and their hearts filled with dedication and bravery, they stormed the lair at noon. But the first dragon was gone! All they found was a common dragon, no stronger than the ones they had slain before. In their fury the dragon hunters killed the beast. However, neither fame nor fortune could be gained on that fateful day. All they found was a common dragon, no stronger than the ones they had slain before. In their fury the dragon hunters killed the beast. However, neither fame nor fortune could be gained on that fateful day. All they found was a common dragon, no stronger than the ones they had slain before. In their fury the dragon hunters killed the beast. However, neither fame nor fortune could be gained on that fateful day.

Since this day, people wonder what has happened to the first dragon. Some believe that this is just a myth or an allegory, however, those who already lived back then attested that the tales were true. Optimistic voices claim that the dragon knew about the approaching heroes and fled the realm of men for good. Others suggest that the first dragon just grew old and flew to the dragon cemetery to die there. Others again fear that the dragon retreated into some remote corner of the world. There it is growing and gaining strength in order to return one day. Then it will challenge all humans and force them to their knees once more.