Lloyd's Journal
#345: It seems to become a habit for me to start each entry with my brother, Boyd. They call him the "mad mage" now. They say that's what he has become - mad. The problem with mad people is, they are simply misunderstood by everyone else. Of course he's completely sane. He showed me how to protect myself, how to use metal and magic to build a line of defense against everything and everyone from the outside world. He used servants made of iron, gold and even diamond - and I was allowed to "refine" them. But I'm afraid... it's not enough. I need...
#443: I was lucky, very lucky. A dungeon... no, a fortress underground. I found a large - facility of some sort to give me shelter. Vast amounts of energy flow through its system of rooms and corridors. I need to find out how made this, how to... use this.
#456: This whole construction was not used for a very long time. I found traces of its occupants but it's not clear whether they lived here or only used it for something, as I am about to do...
#512: It's done! I found a way to harness the energy of this place. It works like a focus, binding extreme amounts of energy for a purpose which is still beyond me - but it matters not. As my brother did in Edron, I will now declare this my base of operation. My lair. My source of power AND protection. Protection is the most important thing. I will not make any mistakes - this will be my bastion against EVERYTHING.
#612: Didn't get outside very much. Not at all. Didn't hear much about Boyd. The "mad mage" had an experiment gone wrong it seems. He's nowhere to be seen anymore. Not even in his fortress. I will follow in his footsteps. They just don't understand.
#632: I am holed up in my fortress. I harness its energy. Cosmic energy way beyond anything I have ever seen. I use the lower chamber to build an indestructible armour of power around me. Nothing can touch me. I don't need food, I don't need sleep. Now I can think. I can reflect on the world without it being any nuisance anymore. I don't care who built all this or what its purpose was.
#667: It was built... for me.