Player: (idle)
Maelyrra: Annoying nightmarish creatures!
Maelyrra: This is the homestead of every pleasant dream.
Maelyrra: Our siblings are tainted. Bewail them!
Player: hi
Maelyrra: Nature's blessings! Welcome to the land of dreams.
Player: name
Maelyrra: I'm Maelyrra, the queen of this fae court.
Player: job
Maelyrra: I'm the queen of this court ... if this answers your question.
Player: time
Maelyrra: Time is not of relevance here.
Player: queen
Maelyrra: The queen is responsible for the well-being of every fae in her court. If necessary, she makes decisions or gives orders. But this happens rarely because most of the time the fae are wool gathering and just living their lives.
Player: court
Maelyrra: The fae of Feyrist are forming different courts and whereas not all of them belong to a fairy court, many of them do. Leader of a court is usually the most powerful female fae who often refers to herself as a queen. In this case - me.
Player: knight
Maelyrra: The queen of a fae court is supported by several knights, male and female alike, who are acting as her personal guard as well as the court's defenders.
Player: realm
Maelyrra: We call our realm Feyrist which means ,the fairest'. We keep it secret and hidden from mortal eyes. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide this realm of dreams from the outside world.
Player: dream
Maelyrra: There is far more to dreams than mortal beings are aware of. They possess some kind of magical power, ancient and mysterious. The fae are closely linked to this power as we arise from the mortals' dreams. ...
Maelyrra: The nightmares are responsible for the existence of Roshamuul while Feyrist emerged from sweet and pleasant dreams. You know, dreams of love or friendship, dreams of flying or the fulfilment of heartfelt wishes. ...
Maelyrra: These dreams are drifting through the weave of reality until they end up here. Here, in Feyrist, they assume shape, forming this entire peninsula and its inhabitants.
Player: fae
Maelyrra: We fae are mystical creatures wielding power in magic and elementals. We vary greatly in size and appearance and there are different kinds of fae like fauns, pixies, pookas, swan maidens, nymphs and boogies. ...
Maelyrra: Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave Feyrist when it is necessary, like in the case of existential threats to our island. ...
Maelyrra: Sometimes we call ourselves the 'children of dreams' or 'the dream born'. You must know, the fae are born from the mortals' dreams. The pleasant dreams as I want to point out. ...
Maelyrra: There are also creatures hailing from mortal nightmares but these monstrosities are living in Roshamuul, across the mountains in the south of Feyrist.
Player: Feyrist
Maelyrra: We call our realm Feyrist which means ,the fairest'. We keep it secret and hidden from mortal eyes. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide this realm of dreams from the outside world.
Player: Roshamuul
Maelyrra: Compared to Feyrist it is like the reverse side of a mirror. Where Feyrist is luminous, peaceful and pleasant, Roshamuul is dark and dangerous. It is full of terrible monsters and made of nightmares - literally.
Player: Candia
Maelyrra: Candia is a fairy island like Feyrist. It is colourful and friendly like our fairy realm here, not dark and threatening like the nightmare realm of Roshamuul. But there are a few clear differences to Feyrist. ...
Maelyrra: I don't want to give too much away, though. You'd better see for yourself.
Player: candyland
Maelyrra: That's another name for Candia.
Player: donut
Maelyrra: So, you saw the gate. Yes, I know where it leads: the island Candia, also known as Candyland. But at the moment we have some serious problems here, with the nightmare monsters from Roshamuul and our magical barrier. ...
Maelyrra: Once those are solved and Feyrist is safe, I will gladly tell you more about that sweet gate.
Player: donut
Maelyrra: I see you have baked the key. I wish you a pleasant stay in Candia.
Player: boogies
Maelyrra: Boogies are a rather twisted kind of fae. Other than pixies, nymphs or fauns they favour underground caves and tunnels over forests or lush meadows. ...
Maelyrra: Only at night, they are roaming the surface, chasing other fae and visitors to Feyrist alike. They were once clumsy yet peaceful fae, but they are now twisted and tainted by a mysterious, sinister force. ...
Maelyrra: Boogies initially emerged from mortals' dreams about tasty food.
Player: faun
Maelyrra: Fauns are half-human, half-beast nature spirits inhabiting the woods and mountains of Feyrist. They are a slightly roguish but cheerful folk, lovers of wine and dancing. ...
Maelyrra: Fauns show a youthful and graceful aspect but they are also brave and fearless when it comes to defend themselves. They emerge from mortals' dreams about celebrations, music and dancing. ...
Maelyrra: Lately, some fauns on Feyrist are tainted by the mysterious, sinister force that is threatening Feyrist as well as the rest of Tibia.
Player: nightmares
Maelyrra: This continent - Feyrist as well as Roshamuul - is an outgrowth of mortal dreams. Feyrist is made of sweet and pleasant dreams whereas Roshamuul arose from nightmares. Therefore the creatures living in Roshamuul are aggressive, creepy and dangerous.
Player: nymph
Maelyrra: Nymphs are female nature spirits and usually take the form of beautiful, young maidens who love to dance and sing. They dwell in the hills and forests of Feyrist, often near lakes and streams and they can't die of old age nor illness. ...
Maelyrra: They have a special, strong bond to the plants and animals of their domain and are very protective of Feyrist's flora and fauna. Nymphs emerge from mortals' dreams about love.
Player: pixie
Maelyrra: Pixies are small nature spirits and mythical creatures inhabiting the forests and plains of Feyrist. They are generally benign, but at times, they may also display mischievous traits. ...
Maelyrra: Like most of the fae, pixies love dancing and are often gathering in larger groups to dance on secluded glades. Pixies love flowers, butterflies, shimmering beetles, gems and other colourful things. ...
Maelyrra: They also love the taste of honey, sweetened oat and ripe grapes. Pixies emerge from mortals' dreams about friends and family.
Player: pooka
Maelyrra: Pookas are nature spirits in animal form, looking like big hares with a faintly glittering fur. They are benign but mischievous, for sure with good reason regarded as the tricksters among the fae. ...
Maelyrra: Pookas love to play pranks on others, snitching and hiding things or telling made-up stories. They are capricious and fickle creatures. Pookas emerge from mortals' dreams about gems, treasures and gold. ...
Maelyrra: Lately, some pookas on Feyrist are tainted by a mysterious, sinister force that is threatening Feyrist as well as the rest of Tibia.
Player: sinister
Maelyrra: Some of our siblings are tainted by the unknown dark force that also destroys the border to Roshamuul. They became twisted and mischievous, they will attack even the still untainted fae in this realm. ...
Maelyrra: During the day they seclude themselves in the caves underneath Feyrist. But at night they return to the surface and attack us.
Player: swan maidens
Maelyrra: Swan maidens are fae who can shapeshift from human form to swan form. The magical item allowing this transformation is a swan feather cloak, a garment with swan feathers attached. ...
Maelyrra: Here on Feyrist it is always hard to tell whether a swan swimming on a lake is an ordinary animal or a swan maiden in her bird shape. ...
Maelyrra: They protect the wilds of our secret realm from every intruder and live in small flocks along secluded lakeshores. Swan maidens emerge from mortals' dreams about flying.
Player: Tibia
Maelyrra: That's the world we are living in.
Player: ab'dendriel
Maelyrra: Alkestios wanted to start his research there. But I don't know more about it.
Player: Alkestios
Maelyrra: He's my most trusted knight. Therefore, I sent him on a mission to find out more about the destructive force that is threatening our realm. For this purpose, he left Feyrist and is travelling the outside world. ...
Maelyrra: I hope he's safe and will return home soon.
Player: Rathleton / Oramond / Venore / Yalahar / Thais / Carlin / Kazordoon / Darashia / Krailos / Zao
Maelyrra: I have never heard of this place.
Player: spell / fairy
Maelyrra: A spell to transform a fishtail into legs - I guess, such a spell exists, yes. But I never used it and I don't know anything about the details. But there is a fairy who once told me about it. ...
Maelyrra: You can find her in a small fairy village in the southwest of Feyrist. However, as some of her sisters were kidnapped by the tainted fae, I suggest you first free her captured siblings. I'm sure she will help you then.
Player: Aurita
Maelyrra: She's a mermaid who's often lingering in the shallow coastal waters of western Feyrist.
Player: mermaid
Maelyrra: Mermaids are half fish and half woman. Many of them inhabit the warm coastal waters of Feyrist, swimming with the fish and playing with seahorses. Sometimes you can spot them sitting on a rock near the shore, combing their hair or singing. ...
Maelyrra: They are no fae but we get along very well.
Player: human
Maelyrra: They are mortal creatures, which means contrary to the fae their life span is limited. They inhabit the outside world and we know that we as well as this entire realm arise from their dreams. ...
Maelyrra: Besides that, though, we know very little about them. It seems that their traits and attitudes vary greatly - and so do their dreams.
Player: dwarfs
Maelyrra: They are mortal creatures, which means contrary to the fae their life span is limited. They inhabit the outside world and we know that we as well as this entire realm arise from their dreams. ...
Maelyrra: Besides that, though, we know very little about them. Their dreams are different from those of elves and humans. Somehow graver and more grounded.
Player: elves
Maelyrra: They are mortal creatures, but their life span is much longer than the humans'. They inhabit the outside world and we know that we as well as this entire realm arise from their dreams. ...
Maelyrra: Besides that, though, we know very little about them. Their dreams are mostly serene and suffused with light.
Player: cloak
Maelyrra: A swan maiden would never give her shape changing cloak away. But sometimes they are crafting feathered robes with different powers and give them to trusted mortals. Ask Valindara about it.
Player: dark
Maelyrra: Something disturbing is happening here. A strange and baleful force is threatening our secret realm. I don't know from where - or whom - it originates but it is strong and dark. ...
Maelyrra: It weakens the borders to the nightmare realm as well as the magical barrier that protects Feyrist from the outside world.
Player: Taegen
Maelyrra: He's a young faun, a member of my court. You can find him here in the village.
Player: sun
Maelyrra: Ask the faun Taegen for the sun catcher. You can find him here in our village.
Player: Gerimor
Maelyrra: He's one of the few humans we granted access to Feyrist. You can find him at a huge tree east of here. He seems to know quite a few things about the dark energies that threaten Feyrist and the rest of the world.
Player: light
Maelyrra: The three lights I'm talking about are sunlight, starlight and moonlight. You can gather the rays by using a moon mirror, a starlight vial or a sun catcher.
Player: sunlight
Maelyrra: Ask the faun Taegen for the sun catcher. You can find him here in our village.
Player: starlight
Maelyrra: Ask the mermaid Aurita for the starlight vial. You may find her at the beach in the west of Feyrist.
Player: moonlight
Maelyrra: The tainted fae stole it. If you seek out their caves beneath the forest you may find it. The tainted fae like to hide their treasures in hollow logs or trumps, so have a closer look at them.
Player: moon / mirror
Maelyrra: Have you found the moon mirror and freed the captured fairies?
Player: starlight vial
Maelyrra: Ask the mermaid Aurita for the starlight vial. You may find her at the beach in the west of Feyrist.
Player: sun catcher
Maelyrra: Ask the faun Taegen for the sun catcher. You can find him here in our village.
Player: raven herb
Maelyrra: That's a very rare fern-like plant. If eaten it allows an air breathing creature to breathe underwater for a while. But know that you'll find it only at night. It resembles a common fern but its leaves are of a lighter green.
Player: Ikassis
Maelyrra: She is a member of my court and accompanied Alkestios on his mission in the outside world.
Player: Valindara
Maelyrra: She's a swan maiden you can find here in the village. She will buy and sell various things, if you are interested in a trade.
Player: Tooth Fairy
Maelyrra: She is not a member of my court but I know her quite well. She's the sister of a friendly court's queen and responsible for children's milk teeth. This duty is a deep-seated tradition among the fae.
Player: Talila
Maelyrra: She's a pixie you can find here in the village. She will buy and sell various things, if you are interested in a trade.
Player: mission / quest / task
Maelyrra: Have you found the moon mirror and freed the captured fairies?
Player: mission
Maelyrra: Some annoying nightmarish creatures rove about in the tunnels underneath this island. They are threatening the members of my court and devastate the flora and fauna. They also threaten the natural balance. Would you go and fight them for me?
Player: Bye
Maelyrra: Farewell. May your dreams be pleasant.
