Cornell: Passage to Grimvale available here! (Se estiver em Edron)  
Cornell: Passage to Edron available here! (Se estiver em Grimvale)  
Player: hi  
Cornell: Welcome on board, Sir Player. May I sail you to the island nearby?  
Player: sail  
Cornell: Do you seek a passage to Grimvale for 100 gold?  
Player: captain  
Cornell: I'm offering a little ferry service between Edron and Grimvale.  
Player: edron  
Cornell: The isle of Edron is rumoured to have been the home of a powerful ancient race. But King Tibianus III reclaimed it for humanity and founded a colony.  
Player: grimvale  
Cornell: Grimvale is a small island north-east of here. But I have to warn you - strange and dangerous things are happening there.  
Player: island  
Cornell: Grimvale is not far. I sail there regularly.  
Player: dangerous / curse / werewolves  
Cornell: Yes, werewolves, indeed dwell on Grimvale. The were-sickness transforms the peaceful villagers into savage beasts. Why or how this curse found us, we do not know yet. Only that it is here now.  
Player: mission  
Cornell: You may want to go to Maeryn on Grimvale. Perhaps she has something to do for you.  
Player: gladys  
Cornell: Grimvale's druid. She was already old when I was still young, and has been living on Grimvale for ages. She's very interested in were-creature body parts. If you find any, she might give you some coin for them.  
Player: hi  
Cornell: Welcome on board, Sir Player. May I sail you back?  
Player: sail / edron  
Cornell: Do you seek a passage to Edron for 100 gold?  
Player: captain / fish  
Cornell: I used to be a fisherman. But it's no use talking of the old, peaceful days...things will never be the same again in this village.  
Player: village  
Cornell: The humble cottages you see over there. The village is usually called Grimvale, just like the island.  
Player: grimvale  
Cornell: Grimvale is the small island you are standing upon. I warned you not to come here, but you wanted to see what was going on.  
Player: island  
Player: mission  
Cornell: You may want to go to Maeryn. Perhaps she has something to do for you.  
Player: gladys  
Cornell: Our druid. She was already old when I was still young, and has been living here on Grimvale for ages. She's very interested in were-creature body parts. If you find any, she might give you some coin for them.  
Player: name  
Cornell: My name is Cornell.  
Player: cornell  
Cornell: That's my name, alright.  
Player: job / tibia  
Cornell: I'm offering a little ferry service between Edron and Grimvale.  
Player: maeryn  
Cornell: She's become a kind of protector for this village. A forceful woman, very courageous and experienced with the bow.  
Player: owin  
Cornell: He's the village's most experienced hunter. Not a young man anymore, but he can defend himself well enough against the werewolves. He's the one who knows most about Grimvale's forests, animals, and the werewolves here.  
Player: bye  
Cornell: Good bye.  
