Player: Hi  
Daniel Steelsoul: Greetings and Banor with you, Player!  
Player: Name  
Daniel Steelsoul: I am Sir Daniel Steelsoul of the Sacred Order of Banor's Blood.  
Player: Job / Within Us  
Daniel Steelsoul: I am the governor of this isle, Edron, and grandmaster of the Knights of Banor's Blood.  
Player: Castle  
Daniel Steelsoul: The castle was built on elder foundations we found on this isle.  
Player: Enemy  
Daniel Steelsoul: Evil challenges the forces of good in any shape. Be it the claws of vicious monsters or the seductive dark secrets of rotten power.  
Player: Excalibug  
Daniel Steelsoul: With this weapon in my hand, I would teach the servants of darkness the true meaning of the word fear.  
Player: Monsters  
Daniel Steelsoul: We cleansed the south of any major enemy, but watch out while travelling the north.  
Player: Sell  
Daniel Steelsoul: Are you suggesting I am corruptible?  
Player: Yes  
Daniel Steelsoul: Take this!  
Player: Weapon  
Daniel Steelsoul: Look for Willard, our local blacksmith.  
Player: Carlin  
Daniel Steelsoul: I belong to a sacred order and don't care about mundane politics.  
Player: Colony  
Daniel Steelsoul: With the Thaian army bound to other duties, our order was entrusted to secure the area. We defeated the evil minotaurs living right here and cleansed the isle of their unholy presence.  
Player: Cormaya  
Daniel Steelsoul: It is a peaceful isle next to Edron with a nice village. You should visit the wonderful garden there.  
Player: Edron  
Daniel Steelsoul: This isle is rumored to have been the home of a powerful ancient race which became extinct before the corpsewars. It was up to King Tibianus III to reclaim it for humanity and to found this colony.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Daniel Steelsoul: Now and then a dwarf comes to this isle. Most behave secretive about their reason to come here. As far as I can tell, they are looking for some dwarfish artifact which was lost in ancient times.  
Player: Kaine  
Daniel Steelsoul: He was my second in command. After learning about the forbidden ruins, he, the priestess Agaltha, and their followers freed the criminals we brought here as workers and headed to the north.  
Player: Agaltha  
Daniel Steelsoul: She was beautiful but seemed cold hearted. She spoke little to me, preferred the company of Kaine.  
Player: Ruins  
Daniel Steelsoul: An ancient taboo forbids to enter the northern ruins.  
Player: Taboo  
Daniel Steelsoul: We thought it was only superstition and no one bothered that Kaine and his friends went there to hunt servants of evil that might have hidden there. So we did not notice the dark cult they started.  
Player: Cult  
Daniel Steelsoul: We know only little about them. Kaine and his fallen knights were joined by criminals and remaining forces of darkness that escaped us. They were joined by some ominous dark monks.  
Player: Monks  
Daniel Steelsoul: We don't know if they came here or already hid in the ruins when we arrived. Maybe they seduced Kaine or Agaltha, maybe they were theirs for years.  
Player: Noodles Academy  
Daniel Steelsoul: After the treason of Kaine, we observe these mages closely. If even a knight falls prey to the seduction of the forbidden ruins, no one can tell how easy some of these mystics might betray his people.  
Player: Brog  
Daniel Steelsoul: The rotten cyclops worship the raging giant of hell.  
Player: Zathroth  
Daniel Steelsoul: Do not mention the name of the cursed one!  
Player: Army  
Daniel Steelsoul: The army protects the Thaian realm. The order of the Knights of Banor's Blood supports them with all our skills.  
Player: Banor's Blood  
Daniel Steelsoul: We believe that the blood of Banor runs through the veins of all humans. Therefore, we are responsible to live up to Banors standards and not to stain his legacy with sinful acts.  
Player: Bravery / Honour / Piety  
Daniel Steelsoul: Only those who live a life of bravery, honour, and piety may join our sacred order.  
Player: Join  
Daniel Steelsoul: You may join the order of Banor's blood if you prove your honour.  
Player: Falcon  
Daniel Steelsoul: The Order of the Falcon inhabited an impressive stronghold here in Edron. It lies dormant ever since the disappearance of the order and is unlikely to ever be used again. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Not many even go near the thing, especially during the night. They told stories about weird lights at the tower after midnight since I was a child. I never saw any myself, naturally.  
Player: Amanda  
Daniel Steelsoul: I think this nun might be a bit young for this position, but I won't question the decisions of the church of Banor's Blood.  
Player: Banor  
Daniel Steelsoul: His spirit and blood are within us. Honour this fact or be cast into hell.  
Player: Benjamin  
Daniel Steelsoul: He and his men fought against Ferumbras somewhere in the north of this isle, long before there were even plans of a colony. Only old Ben returned alive from the battle, but his mind was broken.  
Player: Eremo  
Daniel Steelsoul: Eremo is a very wise man. I visit him sometimes on his little island near Edron. Just ask a fisherman for a passage.  
Player: Fisherman  
Daniel Steelsoul: Pemaret is a fisherman on Cormaya.  
Player: Falk  
Daniel Steelsoul: A promising young fellow.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Daniel Steelsoul: He searched something in the north of the isle years ago. Probably he needed something from the forbidden ruins. He was chased and fought by the troops of general Benjamin.  
Player: General  
Daniel Steelsoul: Harkath Bloodblade declined the governorship because he's needed more in Thais.  
Player: Mirabell  
Daniel Steelsoul: I hardly find the time to visit the tavern.  
Player: Willard  
Daniel Steelsoul: When he was young, Willard served in the royal army.  
Player: Minotaur  
Daniel Steelsoul: The minotaurs, though evil, were worthy opponents. After the treason of the man who is now known as Kaine Kinslayer, we lack the manpower to crush their cyclopean allies, too.  
Player: Cyclopean / Cyclopolis  
Daniel Steelsoul: They live in an underground city, known as Cyclopolis in the north of the isle. Constantly forging weapons for the servants of darkness.  
Player: Maeryn  
Daniel Steelsoul: You could call her the protector of Grimvale. When she was a girl she lived in Edron with her parents, thus I know her from my days of childhood. Later she moved to Grimvale but now and again she used to visit Edron. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: But lately I haven't seen her all too often. I guess the unsettling occurrences on Grimvale demand all of her attention.  
Player: Grimvale  
Daniel Steelsoul: Grimvale is a small island in the north-east of Edron. Its few inhabitants live quite out of the world but for a long time it was a peaceful place. However, this might have changed lately.  
Player: Unsettling / Changed  
Daniel Steelsoul: Rumour has it that some of the inhabitants are affected by were-sickness. And yes, I believe it. Not because I am of a facile nature, no. Rather because there are strange things happening right here on Edron that teach me better.  
Player: Strange  
Daniel Steelsoul: With each full moon monsters are roaming the woods. They look like badgers and foxes who are transforming into humans. Unfortunately it's the other way round: Peaceful citizens transform into feral beasts as soon as the moon is full.  
Player: Curse / Moon / Were  
Daniel Steelsoul: Yes, recently we have a major problem here on Edron. Strange proceedings are troubling me as well as the common citizens. With each full moon, monsters are roaming the woods - monsters that we only knew from tales until now. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: They look like badgers and foxes who are transforming into humans. Unfortunately, it's the other way round: Peaceful citizens transform into feral beasts as soon as the moon is full. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Some hunters even claim that they have spotted monstrous humanoid boars, wolves and bears. I know what is going on on Grimvale so I sent a messenger to Maeryn. She confirmed what I already feared: Those creatures are were-beasts. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: The so-called Curse of the Full Moon is spreading and reached Edron. I asked Maeryn for help but she has plenty of trouble on Grimvale and can't leave the island. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Do you know something about this curse and - even more important - would you be willing to help us?  
Player: Yes  
Daniel Steelsoul: I'm very relieved to hear that. The most important thing right now is to cure the curse of as many affected people as possible. Maeryn already told me that the purple nightshade is able to revert the effects of lycanthropy. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: We tried this but it worked only partially. Strangely, we were able to cure the people living outside the town in the more rural parts of Edron. But there are also some affected people in the town itself and the nightshade doesn't have any effect....  
Daniel Steelsoul: I'm neither a sage nor a magician. But I'm the one who is supposed to find a solution for this problem. Please pay a visit to the Magic Academy of Edron. Perhaps one of the mages there can help you.  
Player: Curse  
Daniel Steelsoul: I'm very happy that you could help the people of Cormaya. May Banor bless you. But I have one last request: The were-beasts are led by alpha leaders. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Please seek out the subterranean caves of the lycanthropes on Edron and Cormaya and kill the alpha leader of each kind of were-beast, five altogether. This should weaken them enough to hold them at bay for quite a while.  
Player: Curse  
Daniel Steelsoul: You defeated the five alpha leaders! Well done, this should weaken them enough to hold them at bay for quite a while. Please take this pendant in return, it may be of use for you. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: The were-sickness won't disappear completely but it will be easier for us now. At least I hope so! Yesterday a travelling salesman told me that he spotted a feral creature in the Darama desert that looked like half man and half lion. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Banor grant that this is just unfounded gossip and that the curse didn't spread further. Well, I guess, we will find out soon. Edron, for the time being, is a safer place now, thanks to you.  
Player: Curse / Moon / Were  
Daniel Steelsoul: Thank you again for your assistance, Player! The Curse of the Full Moon still exists on Edron. But thanks to your heroic deeds we can keep it within certain bounds. At least I hope so! ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Yesterday a travelling salesman told me that he spotted a feral creature in the Darama desert that looked like half man and half lion. Banor grant that this is just unfounded gossip and that the curse didn't spread further. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: Well, I guess, we will find out soon. Edron, for the time being, is a safer place now, thanks to you.  
Player: Lion  
Daniel Steelsoul: Lately I heard rumours about the curse. That it has spread to the Darama Desert and that the lions there could also be were-creatures. Do you want to get to the bottom of it?  
Player: Yes  
Daniel Steelsoul: Then please travel to Darashia and search for a man called Domizian. He lives in a house at the harbour. I know him for many years, he's a trustworthy friend. ...  
Daniel Steelsoul: I'm sure, he can tell you more about the curse in the Darama Desert.  
Player: Bye  
Daniel Steelsoul: PRAISE TO BANOR!  
