Player: hi
Gnomcruiter: Oh, hello. You might be one of the talented adventurers we are looking for!
Player: name
Gnomcruiter: I'm Gnomcruiter.
Player: job
Gnomcruiter: I'm a recruiter of the gnomish expedition corps.
Player: time
Gnomcruiter: It's 10:06 pm.
Player: news
Gnomcruiter: I doubt anything exciting can happen above ground.
Player: gnomprona
Gnomcruiter: It's a very primal area, teeming with life and some of it might even not try to eat you. At some point of the very distant past there must have been a thriving civilisation. ...
Gnomcruiter: Given the fact that many of the local creatures seem to be the forefathers of creatures that we know, we might unearth a connection to known civilisations. ...
Gnomcruiter: Not to mention the abundance of natural resources that we can gather in the area.
Player: recruiter
Gnomcruiter: I'm looking for talented people to assist our expedition corps.
Player: talented
Gnomcruiter: Are you interested in joining the efforts of the gnomish expedition corps?
Player: no
Gnomcruiter: You are probably too big anyway.
Player: yes
Gnomcruiter: So listen, our prospectors recently discovered a marvelous new place deep under the surface of the world ...
Gnomcruiter: It is a whole landmass illuminated by a strange mist that hangs over it. ...
Gnomcruiter: It's populated by all kinds of primordeal creatures. ...
Gnomcruiter: Some are probably the progenitors of creatures that we currently know, whereas other creatures have never been seen before. ...
Gnomcruiter: In a joint venture with the adventurers guild we try to unearth the area's treasures and even discovered the remains of a mysterious civilisation that has become extinct long ago. ...
Gnomcruiter: Our greatest accomplishment yet was the discovery of the so called exaltation forge. ...
Gnomcruiter: Our gnomish scientists made the thing work and the adventurers' guild transported it to one of their bases. ...
Gnomcruiter: And we can only guess what other discoveries await us. ...
Gnomcruiter: As of now though, our operation has run into problems. That's where you come into play. ...
Gnomcruiter: We are looking for experienced people that want to join our efforts.
Player: join
Gnomcruiter: Wait, now I recognize you. You already joined the expedition. Oh my, did you hit your head on a stalactite, lately? Oh, nevermind.
Player: join
Gnomcruiter: Great! Consider yourself conscripted. ...
Gnomcruiter: So get to the steamboat on that isle ... I guess you call it Cormaya, and ask for a passage to Gnomprona. ...
Gnomcruiter: Talk to Gnominer, the leader of our operations in Gnomprona. He will tell you where your help is needed most.
Player: bye
Gnomcruiter: Take care.
