Player: hi
Ikassis: Nature's blessing, traveler!
Player: name
Ikassis: My name is Ikassis. It means 'the long-sighted'.
Player: job
Ikassis: Job? I have no idea what this peculiar word could mean.
Player: time
Ikassis: Time is a human concept, traveler.
Player: snake
Ikassis: Outside of our secret realm my siblings and I can't keep our true shape. If we want to travel other parts of the world, we must take over the bodies of animals. But we are causing them no harm and we just take control if necessary.
Player: realm
Ikassis: We call it Feyrist and it is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.
Player: siblings / kind
Ikassis: We call ourselves the fae. Some name us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the former term. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...
Ikassis: As we tend to be secretive about our true nature I'm afraid I can't tell you more.
Player: protect / sinister
Ikassis: A strange dark energy is seeping into our world lately. It is pervading all continents and islands and it grows stronger with every day. Yet I don't know where it arises from nor what we could do to dispel it.
Player: energy
Ikassis: It is still somewhat in hiding, so most creatures won't sense it ... yet. But its corrosive power has already begun to affect my kind and our hidden realm in unpleasant ways.
Player: news / rumours / rumors
Ikassis: Something dark and sinister is threatening the world. I can feel it!
Player: feyrist
Ikassis: It is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.
Player: fae
Ikassis: Some call us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the term fae. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...
Ikassis: As we tend to be secretive about our true nature I'm afraid I can't tell you more.
Player: tibia
Ikassis: What a peculiar question. This is the world we are living in.
Player: thais / carlin / venore / darashia / edron
Ikassis: It's a place full of stone buildings and mortal beings. I guess you call it a town. But I'm still not sure which purpose it serves.
Player: darama
Ikassis: I guess it's a desert.
Player: oramond / rathleton
Ikassis: I have never heard of this place.
Player: ab'dendriel
Ikassis: It's a place full of life, huge trees, lush plants and various animals. I visited it once when Alkestios took me there. It is a place of beauty.
Player: elves
Ikassis: They are inhabiting Ab'Dendriel and live in close touch with nature. Their dreams are mostly serene and suffused with light.
Player: dreams
Ikassis: There is far more to dreams than mortal beings are aware of. They possess some kind of magical power, ancient and mysterious. I shouldn't tell you too much about it, but I can tell you that the fae are closely linked to this power.
Player: kazordoon
Ikassis: It is located somewhere in the mountains, I guess.
Player: dwarves
Ikassis: We know them, yes. Their dreams are different from those of elves and humans. Somehow graver and more grounded.
Player: humans
Ikassis: They inhabit these huge places filled with stone buildings. They call them towns, I guess. Some of them are cheerful and well-meaning, others are wicked and cruel. Their traits and attitudes vary greatly - and so do their dreams.
Player: roshamuul
Ikassis: This is a dark and dangerous place. It is full of terrible monsters and made of nightmares - literally.
Player: tooth fairy
Ikassis: She's one of my sisters and took over a white seagull. The last time I talked to her she seemed worried.
Player: alkestios
Ikassis: He's a brother of mine. He took it upon himself to kind of lead our mission in the outside world. You may find him south of Ab'Dendriel.
Player: maelyrra
Ikassis: She is one of the fae queens of Feyrist.
Player: aurita
Ikassis: She's a beautiful mermaid, dwelling in the warm waters at Feyrist's shores. She stole Taegen's heart.
Player: taegen
Ikassis: He's one of my brethren, a faun. He preferred not to leave Feyrist - mainly because of Aurita, I assume.
Player: valindara
Ikassis: She is a swan maiden and lives in Feyrist.
Player: talila
Ikassis: She is a pixies living in Feyrist.
Player: benevola
Ikassis: She's a druid who is living near Ab'Dendriel. Alkestios befriended her, so I guess she is trustworthy.
Player: mission
Ikassis: You helped the fae as well as the animals in this part of the world. I consider you a friend. Thank you, human being.
Player: bye
Ikassis: May Mother Nature protect you.