Player: hi  
Zoltan: Welcome Player, student of the arcane arts. I teach the fiercest spells available.  
Player: job  
Zoltan: I am a teacher of the most powerful spells in Tibia.  
Player: name  
Zoltan: I am known in this world as Zoltan.  
Player: news / rumors  
Zoltan: I have no time for chit chat.  
Player: time  
Zoltan: It's horas.  
Player: excalibug  
Zoltan: You will need no weapon if you manipulate the essence of magic.  
Player: king / tibianus  
Zoltan: King Tibianus III was the founder of our academy.  
Player: army  
Zoltan: They rely too much on their brawn instead of their brain.  
Player: thais  
Zoltan: Thais is a place of barbary.  
Player: tibia  
Zoltan: There is still much left to be explored in this world.  
Player: carlin  
Zoltan: Carlin's druids waste the influence they have in enviromentalism.  
Player: edron  
Zoltan: Sciences are thriving on this isle.  
Player: eremo  
Zoltan: He is an old and wise man that has seen a lot of Tibia. He is also one of the best magicians. Visit him on his little island.  
Player: visit  
Zoltan: You should visit Eremo on his little island. Just ask Pemaret on Cormaya for passage.  
Player: yenny  
Zoltan: Yenny? Which Yenny? That is a common name.  
Player: yenny the gentle  
Zoltan: Ah, Yenny the Gentle was one of the founders of the druid order called Crunor's Caress, that has been originated in her hometown Carlin.  
Player: crunor caress  
Zoltan: I am quite busy, ask another time!  
Player: spellbook  
Zoltan: Don't bother me with that. Ask in the shops for it.  
Player: orshabaal  
Zoltan: Orshabaal is one of the demon lords in service of the Ruthless Seven. His raids on our isle Edron are already legendary and usually end up with numerous casualties.  
Player: ferumbras (antes de ir a Kharos)  
Zoltan: I see no reason to discuss this matter with you.  
Player: ferumbras (depois de ir a Kharos)  
Zoltan: I see, you managed to reach Kharos, the harbinger isle, and discovered the gates to Ferumbras' citadel, and now you are here full of questions. Are you ready to listen?  
Player: yes  
Zoltan: So know that destroying the mortal shell of the being called Ferumbras was the best we were able to achieve with our combined efforts in the past. ...  
Zoltan: He was destroyed not only once but several times. Eventually we were able to figure out the secret of his seeming immortality. ...  
Zoltan: On one of the most remote islands of the Shattered Isles, he built a citadel with demonic aid right around a powerful magical nexus. ...  
Zoltan: The only reason for the whole complex was to establish a point of return into our world. Whenever he is slain, his soul retreats to some demonic dimension to regain enough strength to re-enter the world. ...  
Zoltan: We were not able to destroy his citadel, this unholy construct. To make matters worse, the nexus makes it easy for demons of all kind to pass into our world. ...  
Zoltan: The best thing we could do was to seal the citadel and to install a device that will alarm us whenever Ferumbras tries to re-enter our world. ...  
Zoltan: We grant heroes like you the permission to pass our seals and enter Ferumbras' citadel. ...  
Zoltan: Just ask for the permission if you are ready to go there. Be warned that the citadel is no holiday place though. You will encounter large amounts of demons and traps that scare off most adventurers. ...  
Zoltan: On the other hand, WHEN Ferumbras re-enters the world we need heroes like you to face him on his very own ground before he can escape. ...  
Zoltan: His return is not very likely but it can happen each and every day. If you should manage to defeat him, bring a proof of his death here and you will be rewarded.  
Player: permission  
Zoltan: The attuning to our seals is a costly process and it will grant you access to the citadel ONLY ONCE. Each time you want to enter, you will need a new attuning. Are you willing to pay 500 gold pieces to become attuned to the seal of the citadel?  
Player: yes  
Zoltan: SO BE IT!  
Player: bye  
Zoltan: Use your knowledge wisely, Player.  
