My dear friend, everything proceeds as planned. You were perfectly right, the gullible fools were so eager to engage in their heroic acts, it took almost no effort to use them for our cause. They acquired all parts of the godbreaker and risked their miserable lives willingly. If they could only appreciate our higher course in the name of Variphor! I'm glad to hear your manipulation of Ferumbras was quite a success, too. His vanity and lust for power made him the ideal candidate. All the years of work finally pay off. It must have been Variphor's might that allowed us to put all the pieces together just in time. Not only will we be able to use Ferumbras' ascension energy to open a breach for our master, we will also have just the weapon he needs, to destroy all the gods once and for all! Soon, his rule will begin! When this letter reaches you, your part of our plan will most likely also be fulfilled, and the magical energies which Ferumbras stole, gathered and accumulated all these years will be used to our ends. I would just love to see his face when he realises what is happening! I will use the coordinates you sent to open a portal to his hideout. This will force our stupid heroes to confront him in his ascension. The beauty of the plan is that they will have to engage him to prevent him from becoming a god. Regardless of their success, the energies will be used to strengthen the rift and hopefully allow the master to fully enter. If they fail, his ascension will open the breach for Variphor - if they succeed, the rogue energies will tear a breach of their own! The sudden flux of energy will leave Ferumbras more vulnerable, and so the pathetic heroes might even stand a chance. Should they fail though, Ferumbras will certainly go on a rampage, using his godly powers to cause chaos and destruction, furthering the master's hold on reality as a whole. Variphor's arrival is inevitable. I will just have to make sure to teleport away in time, before the fools arrive, and hand my servant this letter. I don't think they will ar...