Theory Of Ascension I
The idea of ascension is not one that originated from mankind. Throughout the ages many races have toyed with the idea of ascension, for a number of reasons and with different levels of success. While many human cults argue that it is Banor's godly spark which is in all of humanity that is the key to ascension, the pre-human ascension attempts prove otherwise. Though it may be argued that this godly spark, if it exists at all, might help in an ascension process, it is, depending on the intended course of ascension, no required element. It seems that initial godly energies are inherent to all elements of creation and, as such, could be extracted and concentrated. If such a godly spark in humanity would give humans a head start in ascension, there would have to be more ascended humans than members of other races; but as it is next to impossible to classify or identify an ascended being this is still up for debate. For instance, it can't be verified if the so-called gods of the elves truly exist and if they do, whether they truly were living beings once. It becomes even more obscure in the case of vanished races or those hostile to humanity, where little verifiable information is available.
Another fact complicating the matter is that as numerous as the paths to ascension are, as numerous are the results. As far as humanity can tell, the major gods have been around since the time of creation. There were no additions to their ranks at all. This would leave ascendant beings with only little spheres of influence and question their success altogether. But as we are not familiar with the structure of ascendant beings in general, it is hard to make a qualified statement about their doings at all. As we don't feel the hand of the accepted gods in our daily lives, it might be possible that this is even truer for ascendant beings, and their influence might be extremely subtle. In addition, it is hard to tell if ascension something that immediately sets in. It is entirely possible that ascension makes it necessary to accustom to a new existence and to only gradually tap into the acquired powers. So all we have to work with are claims of ascension or apocryphal texts that might hint at one. Unless we find means to verify an ascended status, it is futile to concentrate any scientific research on this topic. All we can do is to look into the theories and means to achieve an assumed ascension. It is universally agreed in any ascension theory encountered that the most integral (yet not necessarily the first) step is the acquirement of enormous amounts of energy. What kind of energy is needed is already up to debate. Most theories base on the belief that it is a spiritual energy which has to be acquired. How it could be gathered and contained is of course nothing different schools can agree upon. Regardless of this fact, the amount of energy itself has to be enormous.
Though it doesn't seem to be based on any real data, many ascensionists agree upon the fact that not everyone can ascend, but the individual has to be 'awakened'. This universal term has a variety of meanings in the different theories, however. Usually it is connected to some magic ability, where chances of success relate to the raw magic power someone commands. This implies that great mages are the most likely to succeed in ascension.