Theory Of Ascension II
Another school of thought introduced the interesting concept that an ascended being must have some sort of anchor in the material world. Following this theory, an ascended being would enter a new kind of existence so different from what it experienced in life that at first, it would be extremely disoriented and confused, drifting through a sphere of gods and losing contact to creation in the limitless realm, before regaining its senses. However, as with all parts of ascension theories, the structure of such an anchor is hotly debated. Many see the beliefs of people as some sort of anchor, additionally providing some source of constant energy. Some go so far as to postulate that even the gods of creation might need such an anchor, lest they'd drift literally into obscurity. Others claim that the gods are bound to their creation and the part that they incorporate and do not need of other anchors, reasoning that in the beginning there was no one who could have believed in them to begin with. Though many texts assume a quite a rather fast, violent and critical process, others see this kind of transcendence as a gradual process which requires a lot of time but happens in a more natural way. If truly some of the bygone races managed ascension, the lack or loss of their anchor might explain their apparent absence from the affairs of modern mankind.
Another part, many of the schools agree upon, is the initial breakthrough. It is assumed that an ascending being has to somehow breach the walls that separate the world of the living from the realm of the gods. Sometimes this act is compared to a bird, hatching from an egg.
With the three parts in place we have a rough concept of ascension: the energy, the anchor and the transcendence.
Quite a lot of the recorded attempts of ascension followed this basic concept. Though most seem to be based on a religion forming around the ascensionist, this might only seem to be so because such incidents are better recorded and more obvious.
The few recorded attempts of ascension seem to suggest that the ascensionist, shortly before starting the process, is at the height of his worldly power. At a given point of ascension those beings (who met some form of success) are beyond the powers available to man. Walking gods in their own right, they are no longer fully part of creation and seem less bound to its laws. In the process of transcendence, the entity is extremely powerful but not fully aware of its potential and partly distracted by the ascension itself. This is the moment when the process is in its most fragile state. It is at that stage when most attempts fail, sometimes with catastrophic consequences, depending on the chosen means of ascending.
Though no successful ascension has been verified by science, it is strongly assumed that some ascensionists met with success. Considering that the outcome is likely to be affected by the means of achieving ascension, it is probably only a matter of time until a rather violent and active new god emerges who shuns the subtlety of his predecessors.