Player: hi
Gnominer: Greetings on Gnomprona and welcome to operation challenger.
Player: name
Gnominer: I'm known as gnominer.
Player: job
Gnominer: I'm the overseer of operation challenger.
Player: time
Gnominer: The doomsday clock is ticking.
Player: news
Gnominer: The central vulcano displays an alarming activity.
Player: gnomprona
Gnominer: I know it's an odd name. It's derived from a common gnomish disc-shaped dish that's usually served with spicy hot ingredients.
Player: steamboat
Gnominer: It's some neat piece of equipment. It was supplied by the dwarfs and mostly financed by the adventurers guild.
Player: adventurers guild
Gnominer: We needed resources for our expedition here. So we joined forces with the adventurers guild. ...
Gnominer: As part of our deal they got that thing they call the exaltation forge which we unearthed here in our base. You can still see the excavation hole over there. ...
Gnominer: Can't say I'm sorry to have parted with it. That thing gave me shivers. Yet our chief scientist Gnomadness figured out to put it to some use. ...
Gnominer: If you ask me, I doubt that thing was intended to work the way they use it but I guess the success proofs science right.
Player: Gnomadness
Gnominer: The most cunning gnome I've ever met. I guess his brain just works in other ways then ours but to us ordinary gnomes he seems to be odd and hard to be understood most times. ...
Gnominer: We painstakingly taught him to speak in laymans terms to us, so we get most of the times the drift of what he is talking about ...
Gnominer: To this poor genius on the other hand it must be as if he's teaching a mushroom how to count.
Player: urks
Gnominer: Not much to be said about a guy that doesn't talk.
Player: dwarfs
Gnominer: The dwarfs are stout allys of the gnomish people. We have much in common aside from our optimised size. ...
Gnominer: Still there are many cultural differences but we are working on an exchange-gnome program as far as I heard.
Player: gnomes
Gnominer: It's great to be a gnome - well or rather it's small. The smaller the better, after all! ...
Gnominer: But of course not everyone can be a gnome of course. Who would wear all those big shoes after all?
Player: bigfoot
Gnominer: I heard about the bigfoot initiative. As far as I know it was a tiny success, which is small news of course. Uhm, what's that confused look you are giving me? Well in your terms: it seems to work fine!
Player: those below
Gnominer: Though those below are our nemesis, they are enemy to every other living creature in this world. If they get their way the world would be engulfed in flames!
Player: challenger
Gnominer: You are not done yet. Please hurry, we really rely on that data.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: With the data gathered by the fairies getting in, operation challenger is progressing again. ...
Gnominer: But what we learned is even more troubling than expected. Against all previous data the volcano seems hyperactive all of a sudden. ...
Gnominer: This should be impossible and is highly suspicious. We need to speed up our research while fully evaluating the new data. ...
Gnominer: I need you to assist one of our scientists with his exploration of a dangerous area. You will find him down in the mines at excavation site moss.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: You are not done yet. Help our archaeologist, we might need what he found out.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: This was most helpful. Though our archaeologist pointed out your contribution on the matter was only minor, I'm sure you did your best. ...
Gnominer: Meanwhile another of our archeologists claims he is hot on the trail of something important. ...
Gnominer: It has to be something important as he wrote the word hot in capital letters and as we all know only someone completely out of his mind would use capital letters on trifling matters. ...
Gnominer: I need you to assist this archeologist at excavation site Firefoot. Report back when you helped him.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: You are not done yet. Help our archaeologist, we might desperately need what he found down there.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: What an amazing discovery you made! This ... well it changes just everything. As soon as we figured out what you exactly found, we might put it to good use. ...
Gnominer: Still the volcanic activity is on the rise and we expect our old enemy, those below to be tampering with it. ...
Gnominer: If such a volcano erupts not only huge parts of the surface will be covered with lava, the cloud caused by the eruption might plunge you abovegrounders into eternal darkness. ...
Gnominer: For now there's little we can do about it though. The only lead our explorators have, are some magma crystals that seem to interact with the volcano in a dangerous way. ...
Gnominer: We have to figure out if we can reach these crystals with our gnomish heat shielding technology and how their destruction interacts with the environment. ...
Gnominer: Please help our researcher at the GT-M-01 site, he will tell you what to do.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: You are not done yet. Please help our researcher in his experiment. It might be mandatory to learn about this places past.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: Great news. The destruction of the crystals did indeed stabilise the area somewhat. ...
Gnominer: Meanwhile our researcher tinkered with the artifact you helped our archaeologist to recover. ...
Gnominer: The good news is, that we probably found out how it works or at least how it can be manipulated using gnomish inventions, to interact with certain crystals found down here. ...
Gnominer: The bad news is, the object is just too old and broken to be safely used. ...
Gnominer: Strangely enough extremely similar objects have been found by members of the adventurers guild in a recently discovered area, populated by creatures they call 'the naga'. ...
Gnominer: The similarity is striking. The adventurers guild managed to make contact with one of the most ancient of said naga, who claims to be in possession of just an apparatus that we would need. ...
Gnominer: Unfortunately the adventurers got involved in an incident that caused some major diplomatic scandal and it seems the lands of the naga are off limits to them. ...
Gnominer: I need you to travel to the lands of the naga and somehow find the naga the deal was cut with. Tell him we accept his price and he can send us the parcel as agreed upon. Please hurry, it's urgent.
Player: challenger
Gnominer: Nothing has arrived here lately. Please find those naga and settle the deal. It's urgent.
Player: bye
Gnominer: Good bye.
