Player: hi
Guide Behil: Daraman's blessings, Player, welcome to Darashia! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything not "information" or "map")
Guide Behil: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Behil: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temple, the bank, shops, spell trainers and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town
Guide Behil: Darashia is an oriental settlement ruled by Caliph Kazzan Ibn Gadral. We have a lot of shops, carpet travel and a rotworm plague, that sums it about up.
Player: shops
Guide Behil: You can buy weapons, armor, tools, gems, magical equipment, furniture, spells and food here.
Player: weapons
Guide Behil: Habdel's weapon shop is on the market place, just north of the depot.
Player: armor
Guide Behil: Azil's armor shop is on the market place, just north of the depot.
Player: tools
Guide Behil: General goods like ropes and shovels can be bought in Halif's shop on the market place, just north of the depot.
Player: gems
Guide Behil: Ishina offers beautiful gems. Her shop is on the market place north of the depot.
Player: magic
Guide Behil: Asima sells magical equipment like runes and potions. She lives in one of the western chambers of the caliph's palace.
Player: furniture
Guide Behil: Hofech's furniture store is to the north of this harbour, just below the carpet station.
Player: spells
Guide Behil: Razan is a good teacher for knight and paladin spells. You can find him in the south-eastern chamber of the caliph's palace.
Player: food
Guide Behil: Omur and Mugluf sell food on the market place north of the depot. However, most food is quite expensive here.
Player: caliph / Kazzan
Guide Behil: The caliph resides in a grand palace north of town. Just go north and slightly east from the depot, you can't miss it.
Player: carpet
Guide Behil: That's even better than travelling by ship. Chemar transports premium adventurers on his flying carpet. The station is just above the furniture store. You should give it a try!
Player: rotworm
Guide Behil: Oh yes, there are many rotworm tunnels surrounding this city. I fear that someday they will have undermined Darashia.
Player: temple
Guide Behil: The temple is a few floors over the depot. Just walk up the numerous stairs there.
Player: bank
Guide Behil: Muzir takes care of our bank business. His office is in the north-western part of the caliph's palace.
Player: spell trainers
Guide Behil: Razan is a good teacher for knight and paladin spells. You can find him in the south-eastern chamber of the caliph's palace.
Player: depot
Guide Behil: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: world status
Guide Behil: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Behil: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: escort
Guide Behil: This service is only for newcomers below level 10. I think you can manage the way on your own! If you need marks on your map, let me know.
Player: map / mark
Guide Behil: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Behil: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Behil: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: name
Guide Behil: My name is Behil. Glad to be your guide.
Player: time
Guide Behil: It's 12:33 am right now. But I can give you more valuable information than that!
Player: job
Guide Behil: I'll show you around Darashia if you like. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: blessings
Guide Behil: Blessings reduce the death penalty, meaning that if you should die, you will lose less experience, fewer skill points and fewer to no items, if you have all five blessings.
Player: harbour
Guide Behil: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: post
Guide Behil: Being a licensed carpet pilot, Chemar delivers our mail. You can find him north of this harbour, just above the furniture store.
Player: (anything not a keyword)
Guide Behil: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about that topic.
Player: bye / farewell
Guide Behil: Daraman's blessings, enjoy your stay in Darashia, Player.
