Though those of powers know it and try to hide it, it is known that the end of the world is near. The world has grown more and more chaotic, whereas the fires of lives are waning. The world itself has become old and weary and we will soon begin to feel its death throes. The end is a natural and inevitable thing and those who work to prevent it, work against the natural order. The world has died before and will die again in the future. But each time, out of chaos and destruction it is born anew. This is the way of things. This is how it has to be. Yet, there are forces at work that cling to their power and status. They work to stall the inevitable for their own personal gain and thus, risk breaking the cycle of death and recreation. This is the time for the noble ones to rise to further the end. The few chosen will be there to help the birth of a new world. Know that each world reborn is a better version of the old. This is the way of things and this may not be stopped or tampered with. The chosen who embrace the end and help to bring forth the new world will become exalted amongst all creatures. Those who will carry the burden of birth helpers will carry the mantle of godhood in the world that is to come. Each of them will be rewarded with a status that is appropriate for the effort they put into their fight for rebirth. Those who oppose them will be denied a place in the next world and their essence will dissolve, screaming in the abyss of nothingness. Open your eyes and see the heralds of the end. Follow them and further their work to earn your place. Do not hesitate or falter. For only the dedicated will become the mightiest of gods in the world that is to come. There will be seers, blessed with insights in the needs of the world. Follow their words and orders and you are on your way into the world that is promised. Destruction is inevitable. Embrace it, cast away your fear and lust for worldly possession since fear is futile as worldly things that will be annihilated soon.