Telia and Tigo III

Influence

Leiden changed. Their illusive leader, once a beacon of hope and guidance, mostly tended to himself these days. He locked himself up in his chambers most of the time and did not let anyone near him. When Tigo became a Beacon of the Barkless, the "Trial" was already established. A new rule and sacrifice every Barkless now must bring upon him or herself. Some didn't make it, even went insane as they did not bring themselves to finish it. That would not happen to Tigo... and most importantly, not to Telia.

The Trial and Leiden's Recommendation

When the trial came, Tigo was ready but alas, he would be the first not to undertake it. Leiden called him his "first" Beacon and that he already proved true. He would not attend nor should he ever. Now it was Telia who needed to conduct the rite. A recommendation from Leiden himself favored her explicitly. She should be next, circumventing the rules of regular ascension. Tigo did not wonder then, he rarely did. Wasn't it great that she was favored? And he would stand watch while she did and both would fulfill their duties as best they could. As she went in, she showed no fear.

Retaliation and the death of Telia

Telia did not return. The chamber of purification, highest honor and apex of the trials proved to be her grave. At first Tigo did not understand. But then he saw that they hadn't been true anymore. Their love and time of happiness, as short and full of deprivation as it was, was not theirs to have. As the Barkless suffer in this life, they rejoice in the next. But Leiden knew, he wanted them to see, to feel this. He must have known that the purification would not work as long as our bond existed. The Leiden he once knew, however, would have guided them. He would have told them. He saved them. But he chose to deepen the suffering. This is not what this should be about. Whatever influence corrupted Leiden, Tigo swore to bring an end to it.

And there he stood, waiting. Beacon of the Barkless, as was his duty to this community. And he helped his community all he could.