The red knight was born into the ancient noble house of Gorlar. Though never numerous, the Gorlar were always in a position of privilege and power. Unbeknownst to the rest of the world though, house Gorlar was still ruled by its founder Count Boras Gorlar, who was a powerful vampire. Under his iron rule the mortal Gorlars made their political moves and decisions. The mortals of the family were his mere puppets, allowed to live and serve as he deemed it fit. Now and then he would 'cull' the herd of his family by claiming the life and blood of a descendant he was as unfit or just useless for his plans. He kept the number of the family members small to better keep them in check. Generations of Gorlars provided him with victims amongst their serfs. Although Boras sometimes promised to raise a worthy descendant as a vampire, he never felt like allowing anyone else this amount of power. The red knight was like other of his family shrewd and ambitious. But his skill and cunning impressed even the old Boras. The red knight not only fulfilled the requests of his ancestor, he often improved the plans on his own and met even more spectacular success than expected. Though Boras tried to tempt the red knight with promises of immortality the latter was well aware that this would never come to pass. So he secretly sent his spies to find him another vampire, to acquire the vampire power on his own. What he found, however, was an old alchemist who was well versed in the lore of vampires. With his potions, ointments and toxins he planned a coup to overthrow and  his ancestor. On the longest day of the year, when vampires are at their weakest, he and his men overpowered the vampire and bound him in chains. With exotic ingredients, the blood of the ancient vampire and the blood of many innocent victims they distilled an elixir that would grant them longlivety. Over the decades the need for more and more frequent applications of the elixir became necessary and more and more people lost their lives over this unholy quest. In the end the alchemist succumbed to old age and the red knight became more desperate. In a finally gambit he drained Boras of all of his blood and tried to become a vampire on his own by dark and unholy rites. The rites failed him though and with the last source of the elixir gone he shrivelled and aged within an hour after the new dawn.