Ilos was a dashing hero and a ladies man. His exploits and adventures inspired many bards even during his lifetime. No beast was too fierce, no demon too intimidating for Ilos to avoid them. He became a living legend and paragon of all that was considered knightly. In one of his adventures he and his friends cleansed a crypt of a long extinct race from its evil. The deeper they went, the more unnatural and twisted their enemies became. Level after level was cleansed by the fighters and priests yet the catacombs seemed to stretch on an on into the darkest depths of the world. The deeper they went, the more the rune-engraved walls began to shift and whisper as if they had a live on their own. One by one, the party became separated and lost. Only for Ilos the way seemed to open as if something or someone was guiding him to a special place deep within. Determined but confused by constant whispers in unknown languages Ilos continued. It did not even occur to him that he was all on his own by that point. So strong was his urge to move on, to face and overcome the darkness that had taken refuge there. After a journey that might have lasted hours or days he arrived at a huge chamber whose geometry mocked the laws of nature. It was barren but for a single colossal throne in its centre. On this throne of greyish stone sat a regal but horrible figure of nonhuman origin. The mummified thing had multiple arms and an elongated skull with shark-like teeth. When Ilos approached it, he felt that this had to be the source of the catacomb's evil. His sword drawn he stepped closer. And the thing arose. Then it was all dust and blades. A fight of epic proportions erupted. The unnatural entities seemed to have all advantages on its side yet Ilos was determined and had faced other evils before. In the end the exhausted Ilos stood over the broken body of his enemy. In the heap of dust and bones Ilos spotted an amulet that he hadn't noticed before. The gleaming jewel emanated power and as the victor, Ilos claimed it for his own. The catacombs seemingly had lost their magic and though he was unable to find any of his lost companions, Ilos returned to the light of the suns. From this day on Ilos and the amulet became inseparable. He never ever parted with it, even when sorcerers in his circle of friends requested to examine it. He still travelled the land and fought in many valiant quests. But less and less he consorted with other people and he became a loner. With worry his distanced friends saw Ilos staring at the jewel or even sometimes whispering to it. At some point a couple of his friends decided they had to get rid of the amulet to free their friend from its seeming influence. When Ilos was asleep three former companions snuck into his dark room and with the help of some sorcery managed to take the amulet from him. In that moment the amulet bursted into a glowing light and burned the hand of its thief to ashes. Ilos now wide awake swiftly slew the intruders, not even bothering who they were. In a hurry and convinced that he had to protect his amulet he fled the castle where they resided. In the years to come Ilos no longer went on quests. When he was sighted it usually lead to bloodshed by his hand for he had become a bitter and easy to anger man that seemingly was looking for trouble. Eventually he gathered a band of bandits and outcasts from various races and begun plundering the lands. always on the move as if looking for something. The cruelty of his campaign mocked all that was once dear and valuable to him. Eventually his horde was cornered by a superior force and utterly crushed. In the aftermath of the battle Ilos' body was recovered. The mysterious amulet though, was nowhere to be found.