Sir Necaran was a scientist first and a knight only second. He has always been fascinated by animals like snakes, spiders and even the fabled basilisks. So over the course of his studies he became a master of poisons. He developed the philosophy that only the weak would succumb to the power of the poison while the strong would not only survive but eventually become stronger by the ordeal. To overcome weakness one had to overcome the various poisons. Therefore he applied all kinds of poisons to himself, to become immune to them over the cause of time. Several of the poisons though induced hallucinations and emotional instabilities. Some of the poisons even had an addictive potential. Oblivious to such dangers Sir Necaran continued his Quest. He acquired the poisons of some of the most deadly beasts of the known world and despite setbacks he seemingly overcame them all. He even begun to see the hallucinations as divine signs that he tried to interpret in his feverish mind. More and more he turned to the poisons that granted him the most intense vision. In one of these poison induced trips, however, he went on a rampage. Seeing demonic monsters everywhere, he slew several of his unsuspecting friends on a minor slight. After the poisons effect waned away he recognized in horror what he had done. He fled civilisation to live in the remote wilderness. But the longing for more visions and stronger poisons endured. With a makeshift laboratory he begun to extract poisons again. Ultimately little of the man that he once had been remained and he completely succumbed to his addiction. The forest that he lived in became feared for the mad man that haunted it. No sane person travelled there anymore without dire need and in the villages around the forest wanderers were warned and children were scared with the man of the forest. Now and then a lost wanderer made his way into the forest. It's said that it was as likely to be met with hospitality and aid as to meet ones end at the hands of a ravening berserker. Over time the person of Sir Necaran slipped into obscurity and only the legend remained. After several years though members of Necarans former order searched the woods, not even sure what they were expecting to find or certain how to handle this situation. They only to find his corpse in a cave that he seemingly had called home for the last years. It is said the body was in a bad shape and the knights were unable or unwilling to learn the cause of his death. It was brought home for a proper funeral.