About the Fae
The Fae are secluded and mysterious creatures, living in forests, some of them also in caves beneath the earth. Their secret realm is the peninsula Feyrist. There is a less forested meadow area, which borders on the mountain chain, that seems to separate Feyrist from Roshamuul. A large forest is situated in the centre, here and there are small hills and clearings. Again and again one can discover bright crystal formations and in between, there are smaller rivers and lakes.
The Fae do not build any real cities, but inhabit trees, big mushrooms or huge snail shells. There are also tree houses and dwellings made of thick trunks. The Fae can shape wood and stone, so even large rocks may become houses. The Fae often decorate their glades and homes with flowers, tendrils and crystals.
Many flowers, butterflies etc. indicate that the Fae are in close touch with nature. In addition, there are magical ponds and wells, mushroom circles and fairylike plants.
The Fae are mystical creatures that wield magical and elemental powers. They vary greatly in size and appearance. There are different kinds of fae like fauns, pixies, pookas, swan maidens and boogies. Most Fae are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in their secret realm.  They only leave this realm when it is necessary, i.e. in the case of existential threats to their island. In order to protect their home, they can get quite fierce and resolute. In Feyrist though they are mostly playful and cheery. They rarely use arms, but if they do, the weapons are made of wood and stone.
The Fae believe that they will die or that their secret realm will be destroyed if strangers enter the island. For this reason, they live very secluded and protect their realm with a magical barrier from the outside world. Strangers are rarely granted access. If at all, then only after proving their trustworthiness.
The Fae know much about humans, elves and dwarves, the beings from whose dreams they mainly arise. Therefore, these races are more familiar to them than orcs, trolls or minotaurs. They know them, but only very rarely they also arise from their dreams. Members of other races seem to be either unable to enter the island or immediately sent back through dream portals.