Player: hi
Ulala: Spirits bless and welcome you, Simula, hero of tribe!
Player: Spirits / priest
Ulala: Me talk to gods. Calm them. Ask them help.
Player: gods
Ulala: Our gods be Pandor, Uzroth, Krunus and Fasuon.
Player: Pandor
Ulala: Pandor great warrior and leader. Like he we should be. But we hiding, we weak. Pandor is sad about us.
Player: Uzroth
Ulala: Uzroth is easy to anger. Guardian of secrets and spirit world he is. He me give mighty secret powers!
Player: Krunus
Ulala: Krunus is God for plants and birth. He hidden in all that grows.
Player: Fasuon
Ulala: Fasuons eyes watch world from above. He all see. When he sleeps evil comes from hiding. Many evil from other side of mountain us hunt when Fasuon sleeping.
Player: makao
Ulala: He much love Namasa and she love Makao. She was belong to leader of tribe, so Makao fight Lazaran! Love so big that he win even when Lazaran is much stronger! Now Namasa belong Makao.
Player: namasa
Ulala: Namasa only woman left of tribe for have baby. Me pray much to Krunus for make her grow.
Player: lazaran
Ulala: He good man and leader. Very strong and wise.
Player: tatak
Ulala: He play war drum really good. But he no like talk with stranger. He much afraid. 
Player: kito
Ulala: He lazy. Usually just walk round and no work what he should.
Player: name
Ulala: Ulala!
Player: farmine
Ulala: Yes all yours. You can keep faaaah.
Player: war
Ulala: War was bad. We no chance. Bad monsters. Many dead. Now we hide in mountain.
Player: monsters
Ulala: I seen greens and horned. Very dangerous. And little men. But think they no danger.
Player: greens
Ulala: There are green men and snakemen. Of course snakemen also green but green men not like snakes, more like us but very brutal.
Player: snakemen
Ulala: Very evil. They want all land. They want kill all who not be like snakes. Great wars fought. Snakemen lost lands to east. ...
Ulala: Then flying snakes came, breathing fire. Killed our people and green men. Many dying. Now snakemen defend north.
Player: green men
Ulala: Green men often fought each other and snakemen. Often green men too occupied with war to bother our people. Now green men all together and fight snakemen. If they coming for us we can not fight long. ...
Ulala: Green men control plains. We hide in mountain. Green men often riding great beasts, not like to come in mountain on foot. Their leaders are horned ones.
Player: horned
Ulala: Horned really strong! They lead green men against snakemen. And us. But only if they bored. Prefer snakemen.
Player: lizard
Ulala: Lizzz... aaah? Me no know that.
Player: minotaur
Ulala: You can keep your otor. Me no want.
Player: dwarf
Ulala: Is how you call little men? We say little men.
Player: little men
Ulala: Little men funny. Live underground. Have strange things!
Player: help
Ulala: Sometimes we have mission to help the tribe.
Player: mission
Ulala: You hero of tribe. Much thank you. And this new water is many gooooood!
Player: beer / strange water
Ulala: Me understand you! Name of strange water is bee-ah! You bring more pot of bee-ah to old Ulala?
Player: yes
Ulala: You no have!
Player: no
Ulala: If you get any, me happy if you bring. Helps meditate.
Player: yes
Ulala: Strange water good for me prayers. Me see many spirits when drink bee-ah. All happy spirits! Me thank you for bringing.
Player: job
Ulala: Me priest of tribe.
Player: tribe
Ulala: Me love tribe. Protect tribe. Ask gods to help tribe. Tribe no understand you. You no speak their language.
Player: language
Ulala: You speak holy language. Tribe respect it, but no understand much.
Player: land / zao
Ulala: All that is outside. We not seen much. Snakemen say Zao to land.
Player: bye
Ulala: Spirits protect you.
Ulala: Spirits protect.