Nictros and Baeloc Blackwood were the greatest knights of their time. Even in their youth, their exploits have been impressive. The siblings were motivated by their competition towards each other. Whatever one of them achieved, the other tried to outdo. They excelled in the athletic arts and it is said that they surpassed their combat instructors constantly soon after they were replaced by more competent ones. They achieved knighthood in an early age and joined the army in numerous campaigns against the orcs and fought valiantly in the outlaw wars. As times of peace didn't suit them well, they went on daring quests and pitted themselves against some of the most fearsome monsters of the land. They killed the two-sided hydra, the three headed dragon of Cormaya, the ancient vampire of Senja and the abominable beast of Guddenwood. On tourneys they were only bested by each other, with either brother claiming similarly frequent victories. Legend has it that their excellence lead to a great deal of vanity with a hint of cruelty. Though they acquired many admirers, they rarely made friends. Their casual cruelty and insulting arrogance caused wounds and created trenches over the years. But the brothers did not care. It seemed they needed only each other and despised the company or even presence of strangers. According to the laws of those days they had a certain leeway how to handle the affairs of their estates and legend tells that they were cruel masters whose subjects often were left dead or maimed for the slightest failures. The treatment of their subjects lead to many wanting to flee their lands to which the bothers responded with a peculiar death penalty for anyone caught in the act. They did not outright kill them, but made them target of a hunt in which they were chased down without having a true chance to escape. Over the years the number of their enemies and contenders swell. One day when they were on their way home from a victory feast, still halve drunk and spent from their previous battle, they were waylaid by a coalition of their enemies and their forces. Although the brothers fought even long after their whole retinue had been slaughtered, eventually weariness took its toll and one of the brothers slipped on the floor that had long turned into bloody mud. Immediately his opponents were upon him and took his life. The other brother went into a frenzy, fighting like a madman. It is said, he might even have won the battle against all odds had he not in the end allowed his dying foes to stab him, for he lost his reason to live.