The Bonelords Threat III
These efforts met with a first, important success when the bonelords managed to create a new kind of undead minion that was capable of acting on its own, without direct control by a bone master. Unfortunately, these minions still lacked intelligence, and although they were unwaveringly loyal they were of little use to their vile masters. And so it came that the bonelords continued their horrible experiments on living and dead ... They stole souls and implanted them, they switched minds and bodies between the dead and the living, but none of the gruesome experiments ever produced the kind of monstrosity they had in mind. 
Eventually they started exposing undead bodies to evil energies and merging them with living beings into massive undead monstrosities, which, however, withered and died almost as soon as they were created. After some experiments that failed in an particularly spectacular manner, the bonelords were forced to abandon their experiments. Soon, their gruesome experiments faded from memory. They had been all but forgotten when a number of braindeath emerged in a remote bonelord city, claiming to have achieved a decisive breakthrough in the field of necromancy. The high council of the bonelord elders reluctantly sent a number of scientists down to the laboratories to examine the results. The undead creatures they found were so hideous and degenerated that the scientists flatly declared that these experiments that led their creation contradicted the very principles of the bonelord race. All undead were to be destroyed and the experiments were to be abolished once and for all.
The braindeaths, whose own minds had suffered considerably through years of isolation and of unholy experiments, were enraged by this decision. They openly defied the scientists and even the high council. When the elders issued an ultimatum and threatened to destroy the undead by force, the braindeaths rebelled. A war ensued that was short, but vicious. Both sides fought without mercy, using any weapon at their disposal. The braindeaths were eventually overwhelmed and killed, but not without unleashing their undead menagerie. The bonelords pursued them without mercy, but some of the undead, who were well capable of sentient thinking, escaped by blending in with the regular undead that employed in the city.
Today, it is impossible to work out how many of those creatures escaped. However, it is safe to say that the powers they reportedly possessed are strikingly similar to those that are characteristic for vampires. For this reason it is safe to say that at least one of those creatures must have managed to escape from its subterranean prison. The bonelords, however, destroyed the remaining laboratories. It is even said that the remaining scientists that had been sent to assess the braindeaths' experiments eventually asked to be executed, as their analyses had tainted their minds in a way that only bonelords could understand. Their requests were granted. They were collectively put to death, taking their knowledge about the vile experiments to their graves. Today, nothing but speculation remains.