The Astonishing Fairy Tale of the Little Piglet and the Isle of Evil
Once upon a time there was a little piglet named Ethan. But it was not an ordinary piglet but a piglet that wanted to become a detective. I, the cat Sandy, was his best friend ever and so we decided that his dream should become true. With our friends, Harry the owl and Monty the dog, we founded a detective agency. One day, while playing at the beach, we found some ominous footsteps in the sand. Ethan immediately knew that these were the footsteps of a criminal and we all decided to pursue the trail and catch the villain. After a while we reached a spot where the footsteps vanished in the sea. At first, me and my friends were clueless what to do, but then Harry's keen eyes spotted a harbour not that far away. By chance our old friend Wesley the weasel was working in the harbour and could provide us not only with a boat but also with some good advice. So we finally set sails and used Monty's amazing ability to follow a trail by scent to find our way across the sea. Eventually we reached an island that was thoroughly evil. It took all our courage and bravery to make our way through the dangerous territory to the dominating structure of the evil tower that loomed over the whole isle. We were well aware that the master of that tower had to be the epitome of evil and we had to enter his tower, regardless of the dangers involved. Only few had ever reached the isle and none of them had ever returned to tell the tale. But we were there and knew that it was our destiny to face the master of the isle. Retreat was not an option. We braved all the dangers that the isle seemed to throw against us and finally stood in front of the tower. Who would carry on our work if we failed? We knew if we did not stop the master of this isle then it might take decades until somebody else would find this isle, and then it might be too late to stop the fiendish plot that threatened the whole world. So we made it to the top of the tower and confronted its evil master! To our surprise it was no one else than our old rival Melvin the mouse! He switched on the lights which blinded Harry, threw a stick that Monty was forced to pursue, and then, to my shame, confronted me with a ball of yarn so huge I could not resist but had to play with it. But just as Melvin the mouse laughed evilly, Ethan, with an incredibly effort of will, ignored the mud the cunning mouse had just prepared to distract him and captured the culprit. With Melvin being caught, we others regained our composure and senses and returned to out little ship. We handed Melvin over to his mother and he was not allowed to eat any sweets for two weeks. This is the end of my little story about the isle of evil.