UMO Abductions by Teruvax Tristem
Abductions by unknown magical objects (UMO) have been reported from the earliest days of mankind and even before. Above all, fertile races have been targets of these abductions. Orcs lead the statistics of known abductions by UMOs, followed by mankind. This suggests that breeding purposes are the main reason for these abductions.
Only about one third of the abducted beings return, albeit with a lack of memory. Their relatives often report that the personality of the abducted has 'changed' in a disturbing way.
The UMOs are often described as floating, colourful lights accompanied by a phenomenon that resembles a paralyse spell. Even if a group encounters such an UMO, only particular individuals are abducted. Several of those who had been returned became victims of such abductions repeatedly.
Considering their abilities, it is obvious that the UMOs are somehow connected to the magic forces. Furthermore, the UMOs seem to be entities rather than vehicles or something like that. Some scientists believe that the UMOs have developed from pure magic to sentient beings, probably caused by some experiments by an extinct race during the God Wars. According to another valid theory, the UMOs are actually souls of an extinct race that has been banished into the astral realm by some catastrophe. Since they do not have a body of their own, they abduct beings in order to create new host bodies through breeding.
Taking into consideration for how long the abductions have been taking place now, the UMOs must have made some progress. Their might even be agents of them among us in a human or orcish body who work hand in hand with their bodiless brethren. These agents infiltrate society to further their own cause, either by looking for appropriate breeding candidates or by discrediting or withholding records about UMO activities. They might also initiate smear campaigns to ruin the reputation of researchers who are close to uncover their dark secret.
Since governments are a major target of infiltration, one wonders who is the driving force behind certain secret services and their activities.
Did the Venorean trade ship in the far north really have an accident, or was it an attempt to prevent that the ship discovered a hidden UMO base?
The more we ask for answers, the more silence we find. Is this evidence that infiltration is real and that the minions of the UMOs are amongst us? I think, yes it is! Be aware! Always look up to the sky when it's dark!