Player: Hello / Hi  
Level 25 / superior: Phillip: Hello, famous Player. It should be you teaching me!  
Phillip: Did the bell ring?  
Player: Bye / Farewell  
Phillip: Go and be careful. Remember what you have learned!  
Player: How are you  
Phillip: I am fine, thank you very much.  
Player: Sell  
Phillip: My business is knowlegde and it is for free.  
Player: Job  
Phillip: I am honored to be teacher in this school.  
Player: Teacher  
Phillip: I run this school, there are other travelling teachers who we call Loremasters.  
Player: Loremaster  
Phillip: If you are lucky you'll meet one in your journeys.  
Player: Name  
Phillip: My name is Phillip.  
Player: Time  
Phillip: It is 12:14 am.  
Player: Help  
Phillip: I will provide you with all knowledge I have.  
Player: Monster  
Phillip: Monsters come in different shape and power. It's said there is a zoo in the dwarfs' town.  
Player: Dungeon  
Phillip: Dungeons are places of danger and puzzles. In some of them a bright mind will serve you more then a blade.  
Player: Sewer  
Mulher: Phillip: The sewers of Carlin are a disgusting place. Better never crawl around in these stinking tunnels.  
Homem: Phillip: An interesting place you should consider to visit.  
Player: Thank you  
Phillip: You don't have to thank me, it's only my duty.  
Player: God  
Phillip: To learn about gods, visit the temples and talk to the priests.  
Player: King / Queen  
Phillip: The southern king is called Tibianus. He and our queen Eloise are in a constant struggle.  
Player: Rumour / Gossip / News  
Phillip: I don't like rumours.  
Player: Weapon  
Phillip: To learn about weapons read appropriate books or talk to the smiths.  
Player: Magic  
Phillip: To learn about magic talk to the guild leaders.  
Player: Rebellion  
Phillip: Rebellion? What for? We are contend with our situation.  
Player: In tod we trust  
Phillip: Tod will come and save us all. He will bring freedom and beer to the men of Carlin.  
Player: Lugri  
Phillip: This servant of evil is protected by the dark gods and can't be harmed.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Phillip: He is a follower of evil. His powers were boosted by a sinister force and he is beyond human restrictions now.  
Player: Excalibug  
Phillip: This weapon is said to be very powerful and unique. It was hidden in ancient times and now is thought to be lost.  
