Player: Hail Queen  
Queen Eloise: I greet thee, my loyal subject.  
Fenbala: HAil To The Queen!  
Barbara: HAIL TO THE QUEEN!  
Player: Subject / job  
Queen Eloise: I am Queen Eloise. It is my duty to reign over this marvellous city and the lands of the north.  
Player: Queen  
Queen Eloise: I am the Queen, the only rightful ruler on the continent!  
Player: City / Carlin  
Queen Eloise: Isn't our city marvellous? Have you noticed the lovely gardens on the roofs?  
Player: Lands / Tibia  
Queen Eloise: Soon the whole land will be ruled by women at last!  
Player: Women  
Queen Eloise: We women try to bring justice and wisdom to all, even to males.  
Player: Mission / Quest  
Queen Eloise: I will call for heroes as soon as the need arises again.  
Player: Heroes  
Queen Eloise: We need the assistance of heroes now and then. Even males prove useful now and then.  
Player: Thais  
Queen Eloise: They dare to reject my reign over them!  
Player: Druids / Padreia  
Queen Eloise: The druids of Carlin are our protectors and advisors. Their powers provide us with wealth and food.  
Player: Knight / Trisha  
Queen Eloise: The knights of Carlin are the bravest.  
Player: Paladins /  Legola  
Queen Eloise: The paladins are great hunters.  
Player: Castle  
Queen Eloise: It's my humble domain.  
Player: Gods  
Queen Eloise: We honour the gods of good in our fair city, especially Crunor, of course.  
Player: Dungeons  
Queen Eloise: Dungeons are places where males crawl around and look for trouble.  
Player: Sell  
Queen Eloise: Sell? Your question shows that you are a typical member of your gender! (Para Homens)  
Queen Eloise: I beg your pardon? A queen that sells things? Be serious! (Para Mulheres)  
Player: Enemies  
Queen Eloise: Our enemies are numerous. We have to fight vile monsters and have to watch this silly king in the south carefully.  
Player: Monsters  
Queen Eloise: Go and hunt them! For queen and country!  
Player: Excalibug  
Queen Eloise: A man's tale ... that means 'nonsense', of course.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Queen Eloise: He is the scourge of the whole continent!  
Player: Order  
Queen Eloise: The order that Crunor gives the world is essential for survival.  
Player: Tbi  
Queen Eloise: A disgusting organisation, which could be only created by men.  
Player: Eremo  
Queen Eloise: It is said that he lives on a small island near Edron. Maybe the people there know more about him.  
Player: Sewers  
Queen Eloise: I don't want to talk about 'sewers'.  
Player: Shops  
Queen Eloise: My subjects maintain many fine shops. Go and have a look at their wares.  
Player: Guilds  
Queen Eloise: The four major guilds are the Knights, the Paladins, the Druids, and the Sorcerers.  
Player: Merchants  
Queen Eloise: Ask around about them.  
Player: Time  
Queen Eloise: Don't worry about time in the presence of your Queen.  
Player: Army  
Queen Eloise: Ask one of the soldiers about that.  
Player: Evil  
Queen Eloise: The forces of evil have a firm grip on this puny city to the south.  
Player: Minotaurs  
Queen Eloise: They havn't troubled our city lately. I guess they fear the wrath of our druids.  
Player: Taxes  
Queen Eloise: Our city is rich and prospering.  
Player: Reward  
Queen Eloise: If you want a reward, go and bring me something this silly King Tibianus wants dearly!  
Player: Lea  
Queen Eloise:  The sorcerers have a small isle for their guild. So if they blow something up it does not burn the whole city down.  
Player: Bye  
Barbara: LONG LIVE THE QUEEN! You may leave now!  
Fenbala: LONG LIVE THE QUEEN! You may leave now!  
Queen Eloise: Farewell, Player  
