Player: Hail / Salutations / Hello / Hi  
Shauna: Howdy, Player!  
Player: <vaNish> / Bye  
Shauna: LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!  
Player: News  
Shauna: No news are good news.  
Player: Queen / Leader  
Shauna: HAIL TO QUEEN ELOISE!  
Player: Job  
Shauna: What do you think? I am the sheriff of Carlin.  
Player: How Are You  
Shauna: Just fine.  
Player: Sell  
Shauna: Would you like to buy the general key to the town?  
Player: Yes  
Shauna: Yeah, I bet you'd like to do that! HO, HO, HO!  
Player: Army / Guard  
Shauna: If they make trouble, I'll put them behind bars like all others.  
Player: General / Bonecrusher  
Shauna: The Bonecrusher family is ideally suited for military jobs.  
Player: Enemies / Enemy / Criminal / Murderer  
Shauna: If you have a crime to report and clues, then do it, but dont waste my time.  
Player: Castle  
Shauna: The castle is one of the safest places in Carlin.  
Player: Subject  
Shauna: Our people are fine and peaceful.  
Player: Tbi  
Shauna: I bet they spy on us... not my business, however.  
Player: Todd  
Shauna: I scared this bigmouth so much that he left the town by night. HO, HO, HO!  
Player: City  
Shauna: The city is is a peacful place, and it's up to me to keep it this way.  
Player: Hain  
Shauna: He is the guy responsible to keep the sewers working. Someone has to do such kind of jobs. I can't handle all the garbage of the city myself.  
Player: Rowenna / Weapon  
Shauna: Rowenna is one of our local smiths. When you look for weapons, look for Rowenna.  
Player: Cornelia / Armor  
Shauna: Cornelia is one of our local smiths. When you look for armor, look for Cornelia.  
Player: Legola  
Shauna: She has the sharpest eye in the region, I'd say.  
Player: Padreia  
Shauna: Her peacefulness is sometimes near stupidity.  
Player: God  
Shauna: I worship Banor of course.  
Player: Banor  
Shauna: For me, he's the god of justice.  
Player: Zathroth  
Shauna: His cult is forbidden in our town.  
Player: Brog  
Shauna: Wouldn't wonder if some males worship him secretly. HO, HO, HO!  
Player: Monster  
Shauna: I deal more with the human mosters, you know? HO, HO, HO!  
Player: Excalibug  
Shauna: Would certainly make a good butterknife. HO, HO, HO!  
Player: Rebellion  
Shauna: The only thing that rebels here now and then is the stomach of a male after trying to make illegal alcohol. HO, HO, HO!  
Player: Alcohol  
Shauna: For obvious reasons it's forbidden in our city.  
Player: Waterpipe / Pipe  
Shauna: Oh, there's a waterpipe in one of my cells? ...  
Shauna: I guess my last prisoner forgot it there.  
Player: Prisoner  
Shauna: my last prisoner? hmm. ...  
Shauna: I think he was some guy from darama. can't remember his name. ...  
Shauna: He was here just for one night, because he got drunk and annoyed our citizens. ...  
Shauna: Obviously he wasn't pleased with this place, because he headed for thais the next day. ...  
Shauna: Something tells me that he won't stay out of trouble for too long.  
Player: Fuck / Idiot / Asshole / Ass / Fag / Stupid / Tyrant / Shit / Lunatic  
Shauna: Take this!  
