Player: hi / djanni'hah
Umar: Simula! How's it going these days? What brings you here?
Player: name
Umar: I am Umar. Pleased to meet you!
Player: job
Umar: I am the gatekeeper of Ashta'daramai. That's what Gabel told me to do. You know - keeping the courtyard clean, getting rid of salesmen, keeping Efreet vermin out... that kind of thing. But in my spare time I work as a part-time philosopher.
Player: philosopher
Umar: Yes. Comes with the job. You see - here I am, sitting on the same chair all day and staring at the same blank wall. So what happens is that my mind starts wandering. And, you know, I start thinking. You know - about all kinds of things.
Player: things
Umar: Yes. About the world and the gods and all that. And about girls. Yes, about girls, mostly.
Player: girls
Umar: You did not know there are female djinns, did you? That's because they are quite rare. They are the greatest treasures of our race, and we guard them jealously.
Player: gatekeeper
Umar: You already have the permission to enter Ashta'daramai.
Player: gate / pass / door / enter / follow
Umar: You already have the permission to enter Ashta'daramai.
Player: ashta'daramai
Umar: This place is the Marid's safe haven. No enemy has ever managed to take this fortress by assault, and we will see to it that it stays this way.
Player: mal'ouquah
Umar: That is the Efreet's fortress. I have never seen it, but I'm sure it can't compare to this place.
Player: kha'zeel
Umar: When I look up from my wall, what do I see? Huge, forbidding mountains! No wonder I feel claustrophobic.
Player: kha'labal
Umar: Ah yes - the desert. I still remember how beautiful that land was back in the days before the war. ...
Umar: A land full of song and bliss it was - a veritable paradise. Fa'hradin once said its destruction was a supreme example of the transitoriness of all things mortal. ...
Umar: I am not sure I agree because I don't know what 'transitoriness' means.
Player: tibia
Umar: Tibia is a beautiful world. Not that I see much of it, staring at this wall night and day.
Player: darashia
Umar: They say Darashia is a beautiful human city somewhere to the north. I would really love to see it, but I can't abandon my post.
Player: edron / thais / venore / kazordoon / carlin / ab'dendriel
Umar: I understand the humans have founded some beautiful cities. I would like to see them, but as long as I have to stay here that won't happen. Which means I will not go anywhere as long as the war goes on.
Player: ankrahmun
Umar: I was there, long ago. We had a garrison based in Ankrahmun during the early phases of the war. That was before the whole plains of the Kha'labal were set on fire.
Player: gabel
Umar: He is our king and leader. Well, he isn't a king, you know. I mean, from a technical point of view he is, but he does not wear a crown or anything. And he says he isn't one, so even though he is one, he isn't, right?
Player: malor
Umar: Malor is evil. I mean - really evil. Things used to be much better when he was still locked away in that lamp.
Player: fa'hradin
Umar: Fa'hradin is a powerful wizard and the smartest djinn I know. I love talking to him because there is so much he can teach me, but he rarely has time for me.
Player: alesar
Umar: Ah. That guy. He was one of us, a Marid, but he left long ago. I have no idea why. Rumours and hearsay is all I ever get.
Player: bo'ques
Umar: That fat old cook. I like his food, but I find him a bit boring. Food and cooking is all he ever talks about.
Player: djema
Umar: You know her? She's a human like you. I like her lots because she often comes down here for a chat. Nobody else around here does that.
Player: dwarf
Umar: Yes. Consider this: Dwarfs live in the mountains. So do I. And just like dwarfs I really like gold. But most of all, dwarfs like beer. ...
Umar: Isn't that amazing? I think that is more than a coincidence. You know - perhaps I am a reincarnated dwarf or something. You never know.
Player: human
Umar: See. That's another problem. In the past, it was us against you - djinn against humans. But one day this guy came along, and all of a sudden things were so much more complicated. ...
Umar: All of a sudden there was good djinn and evil djinn, and good humans and evil humans. Everything got so damn complicated. ...
Umar: All of a sudden we did not know who to trust and who to fight. Should we join the evil djnn and battle all humans? ...
Umar: Or was it smarter to ally with the good humans and to battle the bad djinn? ...
Umar: Perhaps we should join nobody and fight the bad humans? So many choices.
Player: djinn
Umar: Well, I am a djinn, but only as far as my physical aspect is concerned. As far as my way of thinking is concerned, I think I might actually be somebody else. You now - not even a djinn. In fact, I think I might be a dwarf.
Player: efreet
Umar: I have thought long and hard about this and I have come to the conclusion that all Efreet are vermin.
Player: marid
Umar: That's us. I suppose we are the good guys in this war. Although good is relative, of course. So let's say, we are relatively good. Depends on the point of view, really.
Player: lamp
Umar: Djinns sleep in lamps. I don't know what is so special about that.
Player: war
Umar: We had thought the war was over for good when Malor was finally imprisoned. That little creep is as obstinate as... as... well, as a really obstinate djinn.
Player: gods
Umar: I have not made my mind up what to think about the gods yet. I am still struggling with Daraman's teachings.
Player: daraman
Umar: Daraman has changed our lives. I mean, we were not stupid or anything before he came, but still it was different. Fa'hradin says that while Zathroth made us intelligent, Daraman made us think.
Player: zathroth
Umar: Zathroth is not very popular among the djinns because it is said that he abandoned us even though he was our creator. Legend has it that we failed to meet his expectations. ...
Umar: Fa'hradin once said that all djinns are oedipally traumatised because of this, but I have no idea what he is talking about
Player: scarab
Umar: I don't care whether or not they are special animals. None of that creeping vermin will enter Ashta'daramai as long as I am here!
Player: pharaoh
Umar: They say the new Pharaoh is mad!
Player: palace
Umar: I remember the palace. It was a beautiful place. Ah... those were happy days.
Player: temple
Umar: In these heretic times the priests at Ankrahmun's temple are devoted to the teachings of that pompous Pharaoh.
Player: ascension
Umar: Apparently that is what the followers of the Pharaoh are striving for. It has to do with that Pharaoh's teachings.
Player: akh / rah / uthun / akh'rah uthun
Umar: That's just some heretic drivel. Don't ask me about it.
Player: bye
Umar: <salutes>Aaaa -tention!
Umar: Back to work.