Player: (idle)
Amber: Wow, I'm tired. I really should get some sleep... zzzz.
Amber: What was that word again in Orcish language... hmm.
Amber: I wish I could eat some salmon right now... best prepared in Liberty Bay style... yummy.
Amber: Hey you! Are you an adventurer, too?
Amber: <sings> Stormy weathers, stormy weathers... stormy weathers on the sea!
Player: hi
Amber: Oh hello, nice to see you Player. Are you here to hear some stories of my adventures or do you need help?
Player: how are you
Amber: I'm recovering from a sea passage.
Player: amber
Amber: Did you know my name is also the name of a gem?
Player: job
Amber: I'm an explorer who seeks adventures.
Player: time
Amber: Sorry, I lost my watch in a storm.
Player: trade
Amber: Oh, I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in buying or selling anything.
Player: explore
Amber: I've been almost everywhere in Tibia.
Player: Tibia
Amber: I'm trying to explore each spot of Tibia, and one day I'll have seen it all.
Player: Thais
Amber: A fine city, but the king has some problems enforcing the law.
Player: king
Amber: King Tibianus is the ruler of Thais. The island of Rookgaard belongs to his kingdom.
Player: Rookgaard
Amber: It's a nice little island on which you can learn how to fight. I can see it in your eyes - you want to become a famous adventurer and explorer just like me!
Player: adventures
Amber: I fought fierce monsters, climbed the highest mountains, explored the deepest dungeons and crossed the sea on a raft.
Player: monsters
Amber: Oh, I fought orcs, cyclopses, minotaurs, even dragons, and many other creatures.
Player: cyclopses
Amber: I don't like the way they look at you. Their eye seems to pierce right through you. Creepy!
Player: minotaurs
Amber: They are nasty monsters, particularly as they have distance fighters and mages in their clans. My backpack is handmade from minotaur leather.
Player: dragons
Amber: Their breath is so hot! I had to cut my hair after my last encounter with a dragon because the ends were all burnt. That's what you gotta deal with as a female adventurer!
Player: orcs
Amber: Not the nicest guys you can encounter. I had some clashes with them and finally ended up being their prisoner for a few months.
Player: prisoner / language
Amber: I speak some Orcish words, not many though, just a few basics like 'yes' and 'no'.
Player: yes
Amber: It's 'mok' in Orcish. I tell you more if you bring me some food.
Player: no
Amber: In Orcish that's 'burp'. I tell you more if you bring me some food.
Player: food
Amber: My favourite dish is salmon. Oh please, bring me some.
Player: salmon
Amber: Yeah! If you give me some salmon, I'll tell you another Orcish word. Okay?
Player: no
Amber: Ok, then I won't tell you another Orcish word.
Player: yes
Amber: You don't have any salmon!
Player: yes
Amber: Thank you. Orcs call arrows 'pixo'.
Player: dungeons
Amber: I had no time to explore the dungeons of this isle yet, but I've seen two big caves in the East, and there is a ruined tower to the north-west. Oh, and there're the sewers.
Player: sewers
Amber: I like sewers. I made my very first battle experience in the sewers below Thais. The small sewer system of Rookgaard has some nasty rats to fight.
Player: al dee
Amber: I don't have much to say about him. I think he sells tools.
Player: cipfried
Amber: A gentle person. You should visit him if you have questions or need healing.
Player: dixi
Amber: I don't really know her, but she seems to be a nice girl.
Player: hyacinth
Amber: Hyacinth is a great healer. He lives somewhere hidden on this isle.
Player: lee'delle
Amber: I heard her offers are extraordinarily good.
Player: lily
Amber: Hm, I think I haven't met her yet.
Player: loui
Amber: Never seen him around.
Player: norma
Amber: She has changed a lot since I last saw her.
Player: obi
Amber: He's a funny little man.
Player: paulie
Amber: No, I didn't go to the bank yet.
Player: bank
Amber: I have almost no money with me anyway, so no need to deposit any at the bank.
Player: seymour
Amber: I think this poor guy was a bad choice as head of the academy.
Player: academy
Amber: A fine institution, but it needs definitely more funds from the king.
Player: the oracle
Amber: The oracle is said to show you your destiny once you are level 8.
Player: destiny
Amber: You will find your destiny. I'm sure it's something big and important.
Player: billy
Amber: He brought me some of his famous rat stew. I really didn't want to insult him, but I simply can't eat something like that. So I told him I'm a vegetarian and I only eat fish. <gulps>
Player: willie
Amber: He's funny in his own way.
Player: dallheim
Amber: An extraordinary warrior. He's the first and last line of defence of Rookgaard.
Player: zerbrus
Amber: An extraordinary warrior. He's the first and last line of defence of Rookgaard.
Player: tom
Amber: To me he seems a bit rude, but maybe that's just my impression.
Player: zirella
Amber: She seriously asked me if she could have the remains of my raft as fire wood! Can you imagine that??
Player: santiago
Amber: He promised to repair my raft.
Player: tools
Amber: The most important tools you need are a rope, a shovel and maybe a torch.
Player: rope
Amber: One day I fell into a hole without having a rope. I was yelling for help for three whole days! Eventually a fisherman passed by and pulled me out with his own rope, lucky me.
Player: shovel
Amber: Sometimes I have the strong urge to use it to knock someone out.
Player: torch
Amber: You know, on mainland you will be able to cast magic spells which provide you with light. You won't really need torches anymore.
Player: magic
Amber: Spells are only taught in the guildhalls of the mainland.
Player: weapon
Amber: The best weapons on this isle are just toothpicks compared with the weapons warriors wield on the mainland.
Player: main
Amber: You'll be surprised once you leave this island. The world outside there is gigantic.
Player: sea
Amber: My voyage on the sea was exhausting. The weather was bad, the waves high and my raft quite simple. There's a certain excitement to it, though.
Player: raft / quest / mission
Amber: I left my raft at the south-eastern shore. I forgot my private notebook on it. If you could return it to me, I would be very grateful.
Player: help / information
Amber: Well, I can give you general hints or tell you about my adventures and many other topics. Oh, and if you are bored, I might have a small quest for you.
Player: hint
Amber: (see cipfried)
Player: notebook
Amber: Do you bring me my notebook?
Player: yes
Amber: Mhm, whatever you have there, it is not my notebook.
Player: no
Amber: Too bad.
Player: yes
Amber: Excellent. Here, take this short sword as a reward.
Player: backpack / outfit / addon (free account)
Amber: Sorry, but I don't have time for that right now.
Player: backpack / outfit / addon
Amber: Sorry, this one is not for sale. I could make one for you, but minotaur leather is hard to come by these days. Are you willing to put some work into this?
Player: no
Amber: Sorry, but I don't run a welfare office, you know... no pain, no gain.
Player: yes
Amber: Alright then, if you bring me 100 pieces of fine minotaur leather, I will see what I can do for you. You probably have to kill many minotaurs, though... so good luck!
Player: backpack / outfit / addon
Amber: Ah, right, almost forgot about the backpack! Have you brought me 100 pieces of minotaur leather as requested?
Player: no
Amber: I know, it's quite some work... don't lose heart, just keep killing minotaurs and you'll eventually get lucky.
Player: (any)
Amber: Maybe another time.
Player: yes
Amber: Sorry, but that's not enough leather to make one of these backpacks.
Player: yes
Amber: Great! Alright, I need a while to finish this backpack for you. Please come back later.
Player: backpack / outfit / addon
Amber: Just in time! Your backpack is finished. Here you go, I hope you like it. Activate it for your citizen outfit.
Player: backpack / outfit / addon
Amber: Sorry, but I can only make one backpack per person, else I'd have to quit being an adventurer and open a leather manufacture.
Player: bye
Amber: See you later, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Amber: Yeah, see you later.
