Player: (idle)
Billy: Buying many types of food and ingredients, too!
Billy: Hmm, hmm, now which ingredients do I need...
Billy: Add one fresh dead rat and stir it well... 
Billy: Bread, cheese, ham and meat! All fresh!
Billy: Need food? I have plenty for sale!
Billy: Argh, if I only had a pan!
Billy: Buying fresh dead rats!
Player: Hi  
Billy: Howdy Player.  
Player: God  
Billy: I am the god of cooking, indeed!  
Player: Help  
Billy: Can't help you, sorry. I'm a cook, not a priest.  
Player: Job  
Billy: I am farmer and a cook.  
Player: Time  
Billy: I came here to have some peace and leisure so leave me alone with 'time'.  
Player: King  
Billy: The king and his tax collectors are far away. You'll meet them soon enough.  
Player: Magic / Spell  
Billy: I can spell but know no spell.  
Player: Sell  
Billy: I sell various kinds of food.  
Player: Buy  
Billy: I buy food of most kind. Since I am a great cook I need much of it.  
Player: Food  
Billy: Are you looking for food? I have bread, cheese, ham, and meat.  
Player: Weapon  
Billy: Ask one of the shopkeepers. They make a fortune here with all those wannabe heroes.  
Player: Dungeon  
Billy: You'll find a lot of dungeons if you look around.  
Player: Rat  
Billy: So you bring me a fresh rat for my famous stew?  
Player: No  
Billy: Then not.  
Player: Pan  
Billy: Have you found a pan for me?  
Player: No  
Billy: $&*@!  
Player: Monsters  
Billy: Don't be afraid, in the town you should be save.  
Player: Amber  
Billy: Shes pretty indeed! I wonder if she likes bearded men.  
Player: Cipfried  
Billy: He never leaves this temple and only has time to care about those new arivals.  
Player: Dallheim  
Billy: One of the kings best men, here to protect us.  
Player: Obi  
Billy: I like him, we usualy have a drink or two once a week and share storys about Willie.  
Player: Seymour  
Billy: I don't like his headmaster behaviour. Then again, he IS a headmaster after all.  
Player: Willie  
Billy: Don't listen to that old wannabe, I'm the best cook around.  
Player: Cook  
Billy: I am the best cook around. You can sell me most types of food.  
Player: Bye  
