Player: (idle)
Norma: You know you want a party after all that tiring hunting!
Norma: Great drinks and snacks at fair prices!
Norma: Best place in town! Come to my bar!
Norma: Sing and dance at my bar! Yeah!
Norma: <sings> ... are a girl's best friieeend...
Player: hi  
Norma: Welcome, welcome! Have a seat! If you like a drink or something to eat, just ask me for a trade!  
Player: how are you?  
Norma: I've never been better! I love my new job!  
Player: name  
Norma: Well, my name is Norma.  
Player: Norma  
Norma: I hate that name, it sounds so boring. Almost like 'normal'. I think I should change my name to something more exciting. Like... Marylin! Oh, what a glamorous sound!  
Player: Marylin  
Norma: <gets a dreamy look in her eyes>  
Player: job  
Norma: I used to be a merchant, but being a barkeeper is so much more fun. It's been my dream since I was a little girl.  
Player: time  
Norma: It's about 12:26 pm. Time just flies, doesn't it?  
Player: trade  
Norma: Take all the time you need to decide what you want!  
Player: merchant  
Norma: To view the offers of a merchant, simply talk to him or her and ask for a trade. They will gladly show you their offers and also the things they buy from you.  
Player: buy / sell / offer / stuff / wares / buy  
Norma: Oh, would you like something to eat or drink? Ask me for a trade to see my offers!  
Player: drink  
Norma: I serve the best drinks in town! What's it gonna be, lemonade? Wine? Milk? Beer? Just ask me for a trade!  
Player: tibia  
Norma: This is the world we live in, oh-oh-oh, and these are the hands we're given, oh-oh... oh, I'm sorry, I got carried away!  
Player: rookgaard  
Norma: This island is so much more fun since I got that new job. Even the main continent can't be better!  
Player: main  
Norma: Well, the main continent is where you can go once you are level 8. Just talk to the oracle to find your destiny.  
Player: destiny  
Norma: The Island of Destiny can be reached via the oracle once you are level 8. This trip will help you choose your profession!  
Player: profession  
Norma: You will learn everything you need to know about professions once you get to the Island of Destiny.  
Player: monsters  
Norma: Ah, the monsters are far away. Let's party now!  
Player: dungeon  
Norma: If you really want to talk about dungeons, visit Dallheim on the bridge near my bar.  
Player: sewer  
Norma: Ewww, I don't even want to think about the smell from the sewers right now!  
Player: equipment  
Norma: As an adventurer, you should always have at least a backpack, a rope, a shovel, a weapon, an armor and a shield.  
Player: backpack / rope / shovel / weapon / armor / shield  
Norma: No sorry, I'm out of that business. Please ask Obi or Lee'Delle if you need a weapon.  
Player: fishing  
Norma: No sorry, I'm out of that business. Please ask Al Dee or Lee'Delle if you need equipment.  
Player: cookies  
Norma: Aww sorry, I'm out of cookies! Lily is my best customer.  
Player: potion  
Norma: Sorry, I don't sell potions. You should visit Lily for that.  
Player: gold  
Norma: Well, no gold, no deal. Earn gold by fighting monsters and picking up the things they carry. Sell it to merchants to make profit!  
Player: temple  
Norma: The temple is a good place to visit if you're in urgent need for healing.  
Player: shop  
Norma: Shops are places where you go to buy and sell stuff, of course. Most citizens around here are merchants.  
Player: the oracle  
Norma: The oracle is on the top floor of the academy. You should go there once you are level 8 to leave this island.  
Player: king  
Norma: Oooh, I wouldn't dare gossiping about the king. He might have his spies here somewhere, you know.  
Player: citizen  
Norma: Wanna gossip? Teehee! Just tell me the name of a citizen. You know, they start talking once they had some beer. <giggles>  
Player: al dee  
Norma: Al Dee treats his customers friendly, but he's badmouthing them once he had a few beers.  
Player: billy  
Norma: He got lucky when Willie and him played a game of dice about who gets to farm on which side of the river. Ever since, Willie holds a grudge against him.  
Player: willie  
Norma: Hehe, that guy doesn't pretend to be anyone that he isn't. He is what he is - rude, but honest.  
Player: cipfried  
Norma: <giggles> That monk with his holier-than-thou attitude hasn't anything against a good mug of wine now and then.  
Player: dallheim  
Norma: If you listen to him, you could get the impression my little bar is the devil himself. He says he has more work now keeping drunken adventurers in than monsters out of the city. Such an exaggeration!  
Player: dixi  
Norma: She told me that she dreams of leaving this island to go on a big adventure.  
Player: hyacinth  
Norma: That's probably someone I'll never see in my bar.  
Player: lee'delle  
Norma: That girl thinks that she is soooo special and 'high society'. We used to be friends, but well, things change.  
Player: lily  
Norma: She loves cookies, but she should rather stick to her diet, honestly.  
Player: loui  
Norma: They tell me strange stories about him and some monsters in a hole. Weird!  
Player: paulie  
Norma: That guy seriously needs some partying and a girlfriend.  
Player: obi  
Norma: I think it's rather strange that he lives here with his granddaughter. No one's ever seen the parents of Dixi.  
Player: santiago  
Norma: I think that poor guy never gets a break from work. At least he never comes here.  
Player: seymour  
Norma: What Seymour doesn't teach you is how much fun you can have here!  
Player: tom  
Norma: Oh shush! It's kinda disgusting when he walks in here with animal blood on his hands!  
Player: zerbrus  
Norma: If you listen to him, you could get the impression my little bar is the devil himself. He says he has more work now keeping drunken adventurers in than monsters out of the city. Such an exaggeration!  
Player: zirella  
Norma: I invited her to my bar, but she refused. Oh well, it was worth a try!  
Player: help / information  
Norma: Well, the only help I could give you are some general hints. And a delicious drink along with it.  
Player: hints  
Norma: (see cipfried)
Player: backpack / outfit / addon (free account)
Norma: Sorry, but I don't have time for that right now.
Player: hat / addon / outfit  
Norma: Pretty, isn't it? I made it myself, but I could teach you how to do that if you like. What do you say?  
Player: no
Norma: Aw, I guess you don't like feather hats. No big deal.
Player: yes  
Norma: Okay, here we go, listen closely! I need a few things... a basic hat of course, maybe a legion helmet would do. Then about 100 chicken feathers... and 50 honeycombs as glue. That's it, come back to me once you gathered it!!  
Player: chicken feather  
Norma: Sometimes, if you're lucky, a chicken has a loose feather which you can easily pick up after the chicken has died.  
Player: honeycomb  
Norma: Sometimes wasps carry stolen honeycombs.  
Player: hat  
Norma: Oh, you're back already? Do you have a legion helmet, 100 chicken feathers and 50 honeycombs?  
Player: no
Norma: Maybe another time.
Player: yes  
Norma: Sorry, but that's not enough.  
Player: yes
Norma: Great job! That must have taken a lot of work. Okay, you put it like this... then glue like this... here!
Player: rat  
Norma: Are you calling me a rat?? Well thank you! Grr!  
Player: thank you 
Norma: Oh no, I have to thank YOU for being here!  
Player: bye / farewell  
Norma: Come back soon!
