Player: (idle)
Obi: Selling and buying all sorts of weapons, come and have a look!
Obi: Give those monsters a good whipping with my weapons!
Obi: Only quality steel and wood used for my weapons!
Player: Hi  
Obi: Hello, hello, Player! Please come in, look, and buy! If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade!  
Player: Time  
Obi: It's about "hora" am/pm. Yes"hora" am/pm. I'm so sorry, I have no watches for sale.  
Player: Rookgaard  
Obi: Ah, Rookgaard. Home sweet home, that's what it became for me, but I will always miss Thais and Sam.  
Player: Thais  
Obi: Oh, Thais, I'll be back. One day, I'll be back.  
Player: Sam  
Obi: My good old cousin Sam. Oh, how I miss him.  
Player: Dixi  
Obi: Oh, what an endearing little girl, and she's working so hard to help me, even without receiving payment. Such a sweet little girl!  
Player: Loui  
Obi: I told him there was no danger, but he wouldn't listen to me, no one listens to me.  
Player: Willie  
Obi: This guy doesn't understand that he should entrust me with the food business, too. He really should do. Then he had time for his farm.  
Player: Billy  
Obi: He's just like his cousin Willie.  
Player: Zirella  
Obi: An old woman shouldn't be treated like that, no way, that's bad.  
Player: Tom  
Obi: Well, he just buys what no one else wants. Stuff that's long dead. I can live with that, yes, I can live with that.  
Player: Lee'Delle  
Obi: She ruins the market with her offers! This is bad for us honest merchants, really bad.  
Player: Al Dee  
Obi: Oh, this guy is so greedy, so greedy. Ripping off poor adventurers like you!  
Player: Santiago  
Obi: I suggested him opening a tourist guide company with me, Obi's and Santiago's, but he didn't approve. I really don't understand why.  
Player: Amber  
Obi: She is beautiful, very, very beautiful. I hope I can impress her somehow.  
Player: Hyacinth  
Obi: I don't like him, actually I dislike him deeply. He is so greedy that he doesn't want to share his profit he gains from health potions.  
Player: Lily  
Obi: I knew it! I knew she would try to get the monopoly on potions in this village! But no one has listened to me!  
Player: Dallheim  
Obi: What a hero, what a hero.  
Player: Norma  
Obi: I don't know how anyone could give up the flourishing business she led. She should have listened to me and find someone who continues that business for her.  
Player: Seymour  
Obi: He is the head of the local academy. I encouraged him to sponsor you, but no one listens to Obi, no one listens to me, as usual.  
Player: Weapon  
Obi: Yes, I'm selling weapons. Just ask me for a trade to see my offers and the things I buy from you.  
Player: Potions  
Obi: I wish I could help you with that, but no, I was told to stick to weapons. Go see Lily.  
Player: Mainland  
Obi: Well, the mainland also consists of several continents. You can go there once you are level 8 and have talked to the oracle.  
Player: Oracle  
Obi: The oracle, ah, such a weird being! It will lead you off this island once you are level 8, yes it will, mark my words.  
Player: Academy  
Obi: I think good practice is better than reading a boring book. Of course, you will need proper equipment to be able to get practice!  
Player: Equipment  
Obi: As an adventurer you should always have at least a backpack, a rope, a shovel, a weapon, an armor and a shield.  
Player: Monster  
Obi: Good monsters to start with are rats. They live in the sewers under the village of Rookgaard.  
Player: Sewers  
Obi: There are many sewer entrances throughout Rookgaard. One is right outside this shop and to the left. For more details about monsters and dungeons, best talk to one of the guards.  
Player: King  
Obi: The king encouraged salesmen to travel here, but only I dared to take the risk, and a risk it was!  
Player: Guards  
Obi: The bridge guard Dallheim is north of here, just follow the street, you can't miss it.  
Player: Tibia  
Obi: It's really heart-warming to see how the Tibia economy is prospering.  
Player: Thank You  
Obi: Oh, you're welcome, very welcome.  
