Player: (idle)
Zerbrus: Want to know what monsters are good for you at your level? Just ask me!
Zerbrus: Are you injured or poisoned? I can help you.
Zerbrus: The premium side of Rookgaard lies beyond.
Zerbrus: No monster shall go past me.
Zerbrus: For Rookgaard! For Tibia!
Player: hi / hello  
Zerbrus: <nods> At your service, Player, protecting the village against monsters.  
Player: academy  
Zerbrus: It's north of the temple.  
Player: Al Dee  
Zerbrus: There's something about this guy I don't like.  
Player: Amber  
Zerbrus: She's very attractive. Too bad my duty leaves me no time to date her.  
Player: bank  
Zerbrus: Before you fight monsters, deposit your money there. If you die, you won't lose it if it's save in the bank.  
Player: banor  
Zerbrus: The heavenly warrior! Read books to learn about him.  
Player: book  
Zerbrus: There are many books in the academy. Theory can be just as important as practice.  
Player: bear  
Zerbrus: There is a bear cave close to this bridge. Be careful, though, they hit hard!  
Player: Billy  
Zerbrus: He's a farmer. A little more friendly than his cousin Willie, he also buys and sells food.  
Player: bug  
Zerbrus: They are a little tougher than they look like, but they're still good beginner monsters.  
Player: cipfried  
Zerbrus: He guards the temple and can heal you if you are badly injured or poisoned, just like me.  
Player: citizen  
Zerbrus: I'm not a gossiper, but if you want to know something about a certain Rookgaardian, ask.  
Player: cockroach  
Zerbrus: Nasty but easy to squish.  
Player: Dallheim  
Zerbrus: He does a fine job, protecting the north bridge. He's been on duty longer than me and knows the north side of Rookgaard well.  
Player: Dixi  
Zerbrus: She's Obi's granddaughter and deals with armors and shields. Her shop is south west of town, close to the temple.  
Player: dungeon  
Zerbrus: I can mark you some dungeons on your map if you ask me about monsters suited for your level.  
Player: god  
Zerbrus: I'm a follower of Banor.  
Player: heal  
Zerbrus: You aren't looking really bad. Eat some food to regain strength.  
Player: help  
Zerbrus: I have to stay here, sorry. But I can heal you if you are wounded. I have also valuable information about monsters.  
Player: how are you  
Zerbrus: Fine.  
Player: hyacinth  
Zerbrus: One of these reclusive druids.  
Player: info  
Zerbrus: I'm an expert concerning the wildlife and monsters on this island.  
Player: job / protect  
Zerbrus: I'm the guard of this bridge. I defend Rookgaard against the beasts of the wilderness and the dungeons, and even of the stinking sewers.  
Player: king  
Zerbrus: HAIL TO THE KING!  
Player: Lee'Delle  
Zerbrus: Her shop is just north of the bridge. She really has good offers.  
Player: Lily  
Zerbrus: Gentle girl, but a little to esoteric for my taste. However, her potions might come in handy.  
Player: Loui  
Zerbrus: Such a chicken-hearted person.  
Player: magic  
Zerbrus: You will learn about magic soon enough.  
Player: minotaur  
Zerbrus: Minotaurs are very strong. You will need a group of people or at least level 6 and good equipment to be able to kill them.  
Player: monster  
Zerbrus: It looks like you have mastered the drill.  
Player: name  
Zerbrus: Zerbrus, at your service.  
Player: Norma  
Zerbrus: I don't approve of her opening a bar. Those drunken adventurers stumbling over the bridge at nighttime are not especially helpful in improving the situation.  
Player: Obi  
Zerbrus: He sells weapons. His shop is south west of town, close to the temple.  
Player: oracle  
Zerbrus: You can find the oracle on the top floor of the academy, just above Seymour. Go there when you are level 8.  
Player: orc  
Zerbrus: The orcs have a hideout under the troll cave, just descend deep. Still, be very careful!  
Player: Paulie  
Zerbrus: The local bank clerk.  
Player: premium  
Zerbrus: Premium warriors pay. They gain many advantages this way.  
Player: rabbit  
Zerbrus: They don't pose a threat. However, if you need food, they are good meat providers.  
Player: rat  
Zerbrus: They're not that dangerous, but don't let yourself get cornered by many of them. They still can hurt.  
Player: rookgaard  
Zerbrus: I'd give my life for protecting this village and its citizens.  
Player: rotworm  
Zerbrus: Rotworms should not to be taken lightly. Luckily, there aren't any on this side. Talk to Dallheim if you need information about them.  
Player: Santiago  
Zerbrus: He dedicated his life to welcoming newcomers to this island.  
Player: seagull  
Zerbrus: Just recently they've come to this island for nesting. They aren't dangerous.  
Player: sewer  
Zerbrus: The sewers are crowded with rats. They make fine targets for young heroes.  
Player: Seymour  
Zerbrus: His job of teaching young heroes is important for the survival of all of us.  
Player: skeleton  
Zerbrus: The skeletons on this island are usually fairly hidden. They are often found near graves and always underground. Beware of their evil life drain.  
Player: snake  
Zerbrus: Snakes can poison you too, but their poison is usually not as dangerous as that of poison spiders. Just be careful and kill them fast.  
Player: spearman  
Zerbrus: Spearmen are the toughest orcs on this island. Beware of their distance attacks!  
Player: spider  
Zerbrus: There are two types of spiders on this island: normal spiders and poison spiders. As their name says, the latter ones can poison you which will cause a constant loss of your health. Beware of them!  
Player: temple  
Zerbrus: A place of protection. Nothing can harm you there.  
Player: thank  
Zerbrus: It's my job.  
Player: Tibia  
Zerbrus: In the world of Tibia, many challenges await the brave adventurer.  
Player: time  
Zerbrus: My duty is eternal. Time is of no importance.  
Player: tom  
Zerbrus: He's the local tanner. You could try selling fresh corpses or leather to him.  
Player: trade / armor / shield / potion / weapon / sword / sabre / food / equipment / wares / sell / buy / offer / stuff  
Zerbrus: Sorry, I don't trade. Ask the shop owners for a trade instead.  
Player: troll  
Zerbrus: Once you have upgraded your equipment a little - maybe leather stuff - and got a better weapon, you should be able to kill trolls.  
Player: wasp  
Zerbrus: Wasp hives exist only behind the north bridge, so ask Dallheim for information. I'm glad there are no wasps here. They always make me jump.  
Player: wilderness  
Zerbrus: There are wolves, bears, snakes, deer, and spiders in the wilderness, past this bridge.  
Player: Willie  
Zerbrus: He's quite rude. Also, he buys and sells food.  
Player: wolf / wolv  
Zerbrus: You need a stronger weapon than the starter club to kill wolves. Maybe a sabre or a short sword would do.  
Player: Zerbrus  
Zerbrus: At your service.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Use the shortcuts 'SHIFT' to look, 'CTRL' for use and 'ALT' for attack when clicking on an object or player.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: If you already know where you want to go, click on the automap and your character will walk there automatically if the location is reachable and not too far away.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: To open or close skills, battle or VIP list, click on the corresponding button to the right.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: 'Capacity' restricts the amount of things you can carry with you. It raises with each level.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Always have a look on your health bar. If you see that you do not regenerate health points anymore, eat something.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Always eat as much food as possible. This way, you'll regenerate health points for a longer period of time.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: After you have killed a monster, you have 10 seconds in which the corpse is not moveable and no one else but you can loot it.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Be careful when you approach three or more monsters because you only can block the attacks of two. In such a situation even a few rats can do severe damage or even kill you.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: There are many ways to gather food. Many creatures drop food but you can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you have a fishing rod and worms in your inventory, you can also try to catch a fish.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Baking bread is rather complex. First of all you need a scythe to harvest wheat. Then you use the wheat with a millstone to get flour. ...  
Zerbrus: This can be be used on water to get dough, which can be used on an oven to bake bread. Use milk instead of water to get cake dough.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Dying hurts! Better run away than risk your life. You are going to lose experience and skill points when you die.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: When you switch to 'Offensive Fighting', you deal out more damage but you also get hurt more easily.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: When you are on low health and need to run away from a monster, switch to 'Defensive Fighting' and the monster will hit you less severely.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Many creatures try to run away from you. Select 'Chase Opponent' to follow them.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: The deeper you enter a dungeon, the more dangerous it will be. Approach every dungeon with utmost care or an unexpected creature might kill you. This will result in losing experience and skill points.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Due to the perspective, some objects in Tibia are not located at the spot they seem to appear (ladders, windows, lamps). Try clicking on the floor tile the object would lie on.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: If you want to trade an item with another player, right-click on the item and select 'Trade with ...', then click on the player with whom you want to trade.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Stairs, ladders and dungeon entrances are marked as yellow dots on the automap.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: You can get food by killing animals or monsters. You can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you are too lazy or own too much money, you can also buy food.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Quest containers can be recognised easily. They don't open up regularly but display a message 'You have found ....'. They can only be opened once.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Better run away than risk to die. You'll lose experience and skill points each time you die.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: You can form a party by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. The party leader can also enable 'Shared Experience' by right-clicking on him- or herself.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: You can assign spells, the use of items, or random text to 'hotkeys'. You find them under 'Options'.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: You can also follow other players. Just right-click on the player and select 'Follow'.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: You can found a party with your friends by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. If you are invited to a party, right-click on yourself and select 'Join Party'.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: Only found parties with people you trust. You can attack people in your party without getting a skull. This is helpful for training your skills, but can be abused to kill people without having to fear negative consequences.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: The leader of a party has the option to distribute gathered experience among all players in the party. If you are the leader, right-click on yourself and select 'Enable Shared Experience'.  
Player: hint  
Zerbrus: There is nothing more I can tell you. If you are still in need of some hints, I can repeat them for you.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Zerbrus: Bye, Player.  
