<page 2 of some scribblings>

On this dark corner of the world, Marv found a way to actually mend the ring. Whatever Marv did to wrestle this... thing from the abominations on this island, he would never be the same again. It was a simple string of a dark shade, not very large and unnaturally smooth. It looked like it was a shiny piece of metal, yet did not seem to reflect a thing, not even Fafna and Suon's healing gauze. When he pick up that piece of rope it suddenly got a life of its own. It wrapped itself around his arm, while he was still wearing that cursed ring. At first he was shocked but that feeling lifted soon, as he began to fantasize about strength, speed and power. He babbled about seeing things and hearing unspeakable sounds. I do not know if it was still our captain or just something else. Then he seemed to struggle in pain, he screamed and winded himself. We did not dare approach him. After some time he seemed to stop doing anything at all, no more moving, no more talking, not even a single breath. And then he just got up. He removed some dust from his coat and walked away, with a laugh on his lips and a pat on my shoulder.

I am sure it is connected to the ring as he showed me the piece of string briefly afterwards. It did nothing at all to me and I was quick to return it, not wanting to have anything to do with that for it surely meant bad fortune for us all. And it did. Maybe even touching it was my demise. I do not know, nor do I care anymore. All I have to do now is to warn anyone else walks the blood-soaked soils of this isle. The ring turned him into something far more treacherous than what we saw up until this point it seems. When we found out he does not intend to leave this island, the others raised a mutiny. I remained petrified by fear of his reaction from him, as I was one of the few who witnessed first hand what that ring had done to him. And I knew that no good would come of it anyway.

In the end he killed every soul opposing him. Except for me.

Now here I lie. For he did only destroy my body and chained me to the very walls of this cave. He gave me quill and paper. Why? Maybe to write all of this down.

Han, former First Mate of the SS Primordia

PS.: I have some ink left and I have to say I am unsure of why he wants me to write this. I guess it's days since I saw daylight, only the small glimpse reaching into this cave from far above. If feels as my life is fading. But why did he made me write this down? As a warning? Probably not. Maybe he wanted to torture me <illegible> and he gave me barely enough ink to write it all down, why? <an unfinished sentence and then an abrupt fullstop> Maybe he wanted me to - now I know w... <illegible, the quill seems to run dry> THERE ARE OTHER RINGS! HE WANTS YOU TO- <the next letters were written without ink and by too weak a hand to recognize them>