<page 1 of some scribblings>
I do not how you found this place, obviously it was not me who told you. I will probably not be far away from where you found these pages. Just take a look around if nobody answers. Because I may just as well be dead already. I do not know why Marv has left me a piece of paper and a quill, that bastard. When we landed on this island, there were barely 20 of us. Marv as our captain ordered us to scout the place. It didn't go well. Not far from our landing point we spotted creatures with bigger teeth than our heads and large feet. Without any eyes they just smelled us. They attacked as soon as we laid eyes on them. A dozen other sailors died on the first day, like flies. We were about to retreat, go back home, get backup - but Marv kept on pushing. He ordered us... <illegible part> commanded us to breach that large wall. That wretched wall. He wanted to get deeper into the island. He wanted us to make it fall.
I always suspected he found something, he knew something. He was hiding something from us and now I know. He showed me, and then he left me here to rot. Never to spill his secret from him. There's just enough ink left to... <the next part is unreadable> So I will just write about what may be most important to you. There are creatures on this island which are so wretched and evil that they carry death themselves. And somehow he managed to hunt one down or maybe it has surrendered to him willingly. Whatever the case, he got his hands on something nobody should ever have.
But I need to tell the whole story to make whoever reads this understand. In some gods-forsaken harbor, Marv came by a broken ring. He won a gamble and the other guy didn't want to pay. He talked about how he found this in another dimension or something. About how it was an extremely mighty ring but that broke and that a creature was carrying it. Whatever fantasies that man had, Marv killed him and all he got was that stupid piece of metal. This tainted place was a perfect match for our captain, I can tell.

<there seems to be another page which continues the scribblings>