My new life as a Guided
(This seems to be some kind of diary, there is a note on the first page)
"I decided to dedicate my life to the cause of the Guided. The power, influence and wealth of the Guided is limitless. Our cause just. To guide others, to gather and spread knowledge, for knowledge is power, this will be my mantra."
Day 1: I joined the Guided after I learned of a hermit in a forest ruin, none other than the Exalted himself, who promised a completely new view on the world. There will be a ritual soon, for now I will have to wait and listen to the words of my guide. Today, I was reborn.
Day 2: My guide brought me food, new clothing and helped me in taking the first steps to become a Guided. Perhaps someday a Guide myself. And after that, who knows?
Day 3: Today my Guide showed me a glimpse of the power of the Exalted. I felt, for the first time, the meaning true control. We rejoiced at the sight of the wealth, the Exalted had amassed. My head spinned at the sheer thought of how much influence this fortune could buy.
Day 4: The wealth of the Exalted must have impressed me quite much, as my had continues to spin. I also learned all the principles of being a Guided. Such as to help others find true insight. And to... what was the...
Day 5: Together we- (this part has been erased). After being allowed to take another look on our most sacred (this part is illegible), I was led to this part of the caves, the entrance of our primary hideout. I was also give a task, a very important one. To guard this part of the cave and... to let no person in... or out. I cannot remember if it was in or out. But I have to remain here. Tomorrow I will ask for more instructions.
Day 6: I was led to this part of the caves, the entrance of our primary hideout. To... I have to remain here.
Day 6: I was led to this part of the caves, today. I will have to remain here, to...
Day 1: Someone wrote into my diary but it's alright, probably another Guided before me. On this day I was led to this part of the caves. I have to remain here.
Day 1: I have to remain here.
Days. I have to remain here.
I have to remain.
Me.
Days.