Player: hi
Bolfona: Are you talking to me? Well, go on chatting but don't expect an answer.
Player: beer / chocolate cake
Bolfona: Did you hear something about old Borre? Haven't seen him for a while.
Drog: I heard that he's been missing for a week now. For sure that half-blind mole fell into the lava!
Player: beregar / rehal
Drog: These 20 beers each evening kill ME. Muahahahaha!
Bolfona: These 20 hour shifts kill me.
Player: buy / shop
Bolfona: If you pay for it, no problem.
Drog: Bol......I'd love to lay down under a cask of beer and you open it. You think that's possible?
Player: chatting / tavern
Bolfona: I am not sure if I'd like to trade with you.
Player: druid / sell
Bolfona: I told you 1000 times, it's because of the mushrooms. They grow faster and so the flavour of the mushroom beer is better!
Drog: One question Bol: Why don't you have an urinal in your tavern?
Player: dwarf / emperor
Bolfona: Guys, I have a good one. Do you know the term for a foolish, tall being that roams through Beregar? ....It's a HUMAN! Hahahaha!
Drog: Muahahahaha!!!
Player: food / meat
Bolfona: Have you heard the rumours about that other dwarven city?
Drog: NO WAY! You're kiddin' me?!?!
Player: Grombur
Bolfona: I'll give a good thrashing to the next lucky dwarf who spills beer on my counter. Understand?!
Drog: Calm down Bol!
Player: ham / paladin
Bolfona: Bad?!? It was your 13th beer today!!!
Drog: Hey Bol, that last beer you gave me yesterday must have been bad. It took me 2 hours to get to my place!
Player: job
Bolfona: I'm standing behind the counter in a tavern. What do you think I'm doing?
Drog: <giggles>
Player: kazordoon / quest
Drog: Naa, it was in the northern mine. I'm on duty in the western mine this month.
Bolfona: Hey Drog, have you been in the mines when that rotworm attack took place?
Player: knight / sorcerer
Bolfona: You still owe me 2000 gold from our last game.
Drog: Wanna play dice Bol?
Player: male / female
Drog: Ohoh, I gotta go now. Just remembered that I have a rotworm in my oven.
Bolfona: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?!?
Player: man / woman
Bolfona: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?!?
Player: mine / offer
Drog: About time, Bol honey!
Bolfona: Drog, your next beer is on its way!
Player: name
Drog: <Gulp gulp>....Ahhhh.
Bolfona: Who are you that you are interested in a dwarf woman?!? Pick someone of your own kind.
Player: trade
Bolfona: Oh well, you don't seem to be THAT bad. What do you want?
Player: bye
Bolfona: Good news!