Player: hi
Messenger of Heaven: Greetings, Player! It's good to see you alive.
Player: alive
Messenger of Heaven: With the world in peril, everyone's life is at stake.
Player: peril
Messenger of Heaven: The actions of Ferumbras and the sinister minions of the thing from beyond have shattered the world. The thing is worming its way into our reality and its workings will cause further damage.
Player: thing
Messenger of Heaven: To name it is to give it power. Even to think about it gives it a hold. But it can't be helped and now that it is entering our world it doesn't worsen the matter significantly. ...
Messenger of Heaven: Yet, thinking about it might call for its attention and might give it a hold upon you. At least that was the case in the past.
Player: past
Messenger of Heaven: Through history several of those who were too curious became aware of its existence - or better its lack. They were touched and tainted by the knowledge. ...
Messenger of Heaven: It is assumed that the ancient Yalahari were the first to really grasp at least part of the concept of what it is. This knowledge gave it a tremendous hold over the Yalahari's minds and it even gave it a name.
Player: name
Messenger of Heaven: Names hold power. The gods called things into existence by naming them. By giving something a name, it becomes more real. Ideas become concepts, feelings become expressible and so on. ...
Messenger of Heaven: In the case of the thing that wasn't, the name gave it a hold on reality, gave it a glimpse at our world. By naming it, the Yalahari began to understand it, in a twisted way at least. ...
Messenger of Heaven: A knowledge that was twisted in itself and twisted the minds of those who knew. At last, the Yalahari vanished from the world and even the gods don't know their fate for sure. ...
Messenger of Heaven: Now that this thing - which was not meant to be - entered our world, its name might be old news, so to say. However, it's still dangerous and malignant, nothing to be spoken or thought of lightly, especially not by you mortals.
Player: damage
Messenger of Heaven: While the thing becomes more real, it sheds layers of destruction and negligence of reality. Those layers are becoming threats on their own. ...
Messenger of Heaven: They eat away matter as well as laws of nature. They are threatening the creation as a whole. Even without doing anything more than becoming more and more real, the thing might win by simply undoing creation. This has to be stopped!
Player: stopped
Messenger of Heaven: The destruction that comes with that thing shares the intention of its progenitor to become more real. Therefore, the destruction has gathered into something that - under other circumstances - would be called avatars. ...
Messenger of Heaven: Some destructive and unnatural forces have condensed themselves to highly dangerous constructs that are gnawing at existence itself. Even now their workings can be felt. ...
Messenger of Heaven: All over the world incursions like this one here can be encountered. They eat away matter, sanity and order - sucking them into nothingness. Behind these incursions, on the brink to nothingness and annihilation, the non-avatars are lurking. ...
Messenger of Heaven: Their most potent incarnation has been named Heart of Destruction. But there are others - less potent but disruptive on their own. The heart gives those mindless forces unity and purpose. ...
Messenger of Heaven: It unites them to the threat that they are. Every incursion itself it only restricted to time and space. Reality will eventually heal and recover, although not for an unlimited amount of time. ...
Messenger of Heaven: It is the heart what makes them so dangerous and gives them drive. Under the hunger and anger of the Heart of Destruction, the incursions are more potent and reality is breaking. ...
Messenger of Heaven: To stop them from devouring reality, the destruction has to be stopped by destroying its heart.
Player: destroying
Messenger of Heaven: You will notice many incursions throughout the world. They are accompanied by waves of uncreated beings. By killing them, you weaken the incursion which they are part of. Yet, you will get tainted with their disruptive nature. ...
Messenger of Heaven: A person of strong will might resist the taint and even use it to enter the incursions. Beyond them awaits only a thin layer of ... let's call it yet undigested reality in which the non-avatars nest. ...
Messenger of Heaven: Each incursion, aside from similarities, hosts another of those things. All of them are kin to their source, the Heart of Destruction. ...
Messenger of Heaven: If you manage to destroy one of them, a part of its ungodly charge will be passed upon you. Again you might be able to use that to your advantage, though. ...
Messenger of Heaven: If you manage to slay the different masters of the greater incursions, you'll eventually blend in with their disruptive nature and might venture further into the incursions and challenge the heart itself. ...
Messenger of Heaven: But even getting to the masters of the incursions will not be an easy task. Each of them will be guarded by some kind of instinctive reaction that will have to be dealt with before you might advance to the incursion's master.
Player: Heart of Destruction
Messenger of Heaven: One can only call this thing the world devourer. It eats away reality and feeds on the world itself. ...
Messenger of Heaven: The thing is as unfathomable as the thing that spawned it. It is doubtful that its creation was an act of will. Regardless it is the utmost threat that we face right now. ...
Messenger of Heaven: As long as the world devourer exists, the healing powers of reality will not suffice to contain the damage caused by the incursions. Likely sooner than later reality and its laws will begin to break. ...
Messenger of Heaven: The thing itself is nothing anyone has ever encountered yet. Its existence alone is an anathema to creation and is hurting the world. ...
Messenger of Heaven: It's something between existence and destruction, between force and creature. Its whole existence is a paradox itself and harmful to the world. We have no idea how it works or what are its weaknesses. ...
Messenger of Heaven: It will take a keen mind to figure this out and a strong heart and soul to endure the perils on the way.
Player: strong
Messenger of Heaven: Your future is still not written because the forces of uncreation are still tearing on reality. For the sake of your world, please hurry!
Player: ferumbras
Messenger of Heaven: Probably his vain plea for ascension has brought upon him a fate worse than hell.
Player: yalahar
Messenger of Heaven: Everything we have to endure now is for a good part a consequence of the Yalahari's downfall. We all have to pay the price for their hubris.
Player: gods
Messenger of Heaven: The gods are fighting a war on their own right now. A war for creation that takes place on many levels of reality, all of them beyond your comprehension. Rest assured without the actions of the gods, creation had already been undone.
Player: creation
Messenger of Heaven: Creation is robust and delicate at once. Sadly, it has weak spots and the enemy seems to be instinctively aware of it for some reason.
Player: reality
Messenger of Heaven: Everything you see and experience is only a small part of reality. Most of it is beyond your grasp and comprehension. The invisible and more fragile parts of reality are the ones that suffer most right now.
Player: bye
Messenger of Heaven: Farewell!