Player: hi (edron)
Cornell: Welcome on board, Sir Player. May I sail you to the island nearby?
Player: no
Cornell: Then not. Have a nice stay on Edron. (idle)
Player: hi (grimvale)
Cornell: Welcome on board, Sir Player. May I sail you back?
Player: no
Cornell: Then not. Have a nice stay on Grimvale - as far as that's possible here. (idle)
Player: yes
Cornell: Off we go!
Player: name
Cornell: My name is Cornell.
Player: job
Cornell: I'm offering a little ferry service between Edron and Grimvale.
Player: cornell
Cornell: That's my name, alright.
Player: Edron
Cornell: The isle of Edron is rumoured to have been the home of a powerful ancient race. But King Tibianus III reclaimed it for humanity and founded a colony.
Player: grimvale (edron)
Cornell: Grimvale is a small island north-east of here. But I have to warn you - strange and dangerous things are happening there.
Player: grimvale (grimvale)
Cornell: Grimvale is the small island you are standing upon. I warned you not to come here, but you wanted to see what was going on.
Player: dangerous
Cornell: Werewolves, my friend! They dwell on Grimvale, where a horrible were-sickness transforms peaceful villagers into savage beasts. Why or how the curse found its way to this small island, we do not know. But somehow it did.
Player: werewolves / curse
Cornell: Yes, werewolves, indeed dwell on Grimvale. The were-sickness transforms the peaceful villagers into savage beasts. Why or how this curse found us, we do not know yet. Only that it is here now.
Player: mission / quest / task
Cornell: You may want to go to Maeryn. Perhaps she has something to do for you.
Player: gladys
Cornell: Our druid. She was already old when I was still young, and has been living here on Grimvale for ages. She's very interested in were-creature body parts. If you find any, she might give you some coin for them.
Player: maeryn
Cornell: She's become a kind of protector for this village. A forceful woman, very courageous and experienced with the bow.
Player: owin
Cornell: He's the village's most experienced hunter. Not a young man anymore, but he can defend himself well enough against the werewolves. He's the one who knows most about Grimvale's forests, animals, and the werewolves here.
Player: fish / captain
Cornell: I used to be a fisherman. But it's no use talking of the old, peaceful days...things will never be the same again in this village.
Player: village
Cornell: The humble cottages you see over there. The village is usually called Grimvale, just like the island.
Player: ship
Cornell: I'd rather call it a boat. But it is seaworthy enough to ferry a passenger to Edron.
Player: passenger
Cornell: I would like to welcome you on board.
Player: kick
Cornell: Off with you!
Player: bye
Cornell: Good bye.