Player: hi
Gladys: Welcome! I suppose you are looking for a trade.
Player: name
Gladys: My name is Gladys.
Player: job
Gladys: I am Grimvale's druid. I can offer you some useful tools and will also buy any were-creature body parts, if you bring some.
Player: time
Gladys: It is 3:18 am.
Player: news
Gladys: Save for our problems with the were-creatures, there is no news.
Player: gladys
Gladys: I think I was named after some kind of flower. Well, those were happier times, obviously. Now then. You're here, so let's trade.
Player: grimvale
Gladys: Well, this small island you are standing on. It is our home, yet a little dangerous, lately.
Player: dangerous
Gladys: Yes. Grimvale is affected by were-sickness. We also call it the Curse of the Full Moon.
Player: Curse
Gladys: Humans transform into wild beasts: wolves, boars, bears and others. If you want to know more, ask Owin or Maeryn.
Player: werewolves
Gladys: Yes. They dwell here on Grimvale. The were-sickness or the curse, whatever you're believing in, transforms peaceful villagers into savage beasts.
Player: Owin
Gladys: A seasoned hunter, though he turned to research lately and barely goes out anymore. Very knowledgeable about the woods, animals and werewolves.
Player: Maeryn
Gladys: She's taken upon her the burden of being the protector of this village. I've known her since she was a little girl - very sweet, and very determined she was. Now she has grown up to be a forceful woman, courageous and deadly with the bow.
Player: cornell
Gladys: He clings to this village, as we all do, in spite of the Curse. But he's as much home on water as on land. I guess that's why he runs a ferry service these days.
Player: village
Gladys: The small hamlet we call home. Everyone calls it Grimvale, just like the island.
Player: moon
Gladys: At full moon, humans transform into wild beasts - wolves, boars, bears and others. Some call it the Curse of the Full Moon, others think it is a kind of sickness. Owin or Maeryn can tell you more about it.
Player: offer / buy / sell / do you sell / goods
Gladys: I sell tools and buy any were-creature's fur, fangs or claws. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: weapons
Gladys: I don't have any weapons to offer.
Player: armor / shield / helmet
Gladys: I sell only tools. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Gladys: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: bye
Gladys: Goodbye. It would be nice to see you again.