Player: hi
Maeryn: Greetings, visitor. I wonder what may lead you to this dangerous place.
Player: hi (after mission)
Maeryn: Welcome back, visitor!
Player: name
Maeryn: My name is Maeryn.
Player: maeryn
Maeryn: Yes, that's me.
Player: job
Maeryn: I'm the protector of this little village. A bit of a self-proclaimed function, I admit, but someone has to watch over Grimvale. It is a dangerous place.
Player: time
Maeryn: It's exactly 12:29 am.
Player: dangerous / beasts
Maeryn: So you don't know it yet. This island, Grimvale, is affected by were-sickness. Many pitiful, who are stricken with the curse, dwell in the tunnels and caverns underneath the village and the nearby hurst.
Player: pitiful
Maeryn: Yes, pitiful. For they are savage beasts now who regularly come up from below to attack the village. But once they were inhabitants of Grimvale, before they changed.
Player: changed
Maeryn: Through a bite or even a scratch, you may be infected with the were-sickness. If that happens, there is little hope - until the next full moon you'll change into a were-creature, depending on the animal that hurt you.
Player: hope
Maeryn: There is a plant, the purple nightshade. It blossoms exclusively in the light of the full moon and only underground, where the full moon's light is falling through fissures in the surface. Only this plant's blossoms are able to defeat the were-sickness.
Player: were-sickness / curse
Maeryn: It transforms peaceful villagers into savage beasts. We're not sure how this curse found the way into our small village. But one day it began. At first it befell just a few people. ...
Maeryn: In a full moon night they changed into bears and wolves, and tore apart their unsuspecting relatives while they were asleep. ...
Maeryn: Those merely wounded, first thought they were lucky. But then we realised they were changing, too. Later, others assumed the forms of badgers and boars also. ...
Maeryn: But that does not mean they were any less wild or dangerous than the others.
Player: werewolves / werebears (were)
Maeryn: Yes, my friend, werewolves. They dwell here on Grimvale, threatening our life. The were-sickness transforms peaceful villagers into savage beasts. We're not sure how this curse found its way into our small village. But undoubtedly it did.
Player: tunnels
Maeryn: We are not sure what they are doing down there. We're glad if they stay in the caverns and leave us alone. Only at full moon do they come up and threaten the island's surface and village. ...
Maeryn: I, however, have a hunch as to why they dwell so deep under the earth.
Player: hunch
Maeryn: There are old legends about a subterranean temple that was once built in this area. Supposedly many artefacts are still hidden down there. ...
Maeryn: I don't have the time to tell you the entire tale, but there is a book here in which you may read the whole story.
Player: artefacts / helmet
Maeryn: Yes, the story goes that there are ancient artefacts still hidden in the temple ruins, such as helmets in the form of wolven heads, for example. It is said that moonlight crystals are needed to enchant these artefacts.
Player: helmet / artefacts (with wolven helmet)
Maeryn: I see you have found an artefact in the temple ruins. Oh, it's a helmet. I'm sure you could enchant it with moonlight crystals. But a certain preparation seems to be necessary. I could help you, if you wish.
Player: yes
Maeryn: So, which profession would you give preference to when enchanting the helmet: knight, sorcerer, druid or paladin?
Player: knight / sorcerer / druid / paladin
Maeryn: So this is your choice. If you want to change it, you will have to come to me again.
Player: no
Maeryn: As you wish. Come back, if you change opinions.
Player: moonlight crystals
Maeryn: The moonlight crystals are extremely rare. Supposedly they resemble berg crystal but have a more silvery gleam. My grandmother once told me that they may be used to enchant amulets or other things. But I don't know, whether this is true or just a fable.
Player: liquid silver
Maeryn: If you bring me a common leghold trap and some liquid silver, I may be able to create a silvered trap for you. You could use it to weaken even a powerful were-creature.
Player: purple nightshade
Maeryn: You brought some purple nightshade! It's not enough yet, but it's a good beginning.
Player: purple nightshade
Maeryn: Three of these blossoms should suffice to heal some afflicted persons. But if you bring more I'd be grateful, of course.
Player: Cornell
Maeryn: He's basically a ferryman nowadays, but I remember when he was our village's leading fisherman. He offers a ferry service between Grimvale and Edron. You must have met him - he sailed you here.
Player: owin
Maeryn: He's an experienced hunter and knows much about the woods, the animals that dwell there, and about the werewolves. He's devoted himself to finding out everything there is to know about the Curse.
Player: gladys
Maeryn: She's an old druid. She's been living here on Grimvale since she was a little girl, just like me. She's very interested in were-creature body parts. If you find any, I'm sure she will love to trade with you.
Player: grimvale
Maeryn: The small island you are standing on. For a long time it was a peaceful and placid place. But lately it has become more dangerous.
Player: village
Maeryn: The simple huts you see scattered here. The village is called Grimvale, like the same-named island.
Player: moonshadow temple
Maeryn: Yes, many centuries ago a big temple was built underneath the island of Grimvale. It was incidentally rediscovered a few years back when one of the village children got lost in the tunnels underneath the island, and found the temple ruins. ...
Maeryn: I wrote down all information about it in my notebook here. Feel free to read it, if you are interested in the temple.
Player: moon
Maeryn: Every month around the 13th, the single Tibian moon will by fully visible to us. That's when the curse hits us hardest. ...
Maeryn: The two days around the 13th, the 12th and the 14th, are considered 'Harvest Moon', those are the best to gather nightshade. However, only after it has reached its apex on the 13th, the curse strengthens. ...
Maeryn: We do not know what happens down there in those tunnels around that time but there is a presence there, we all feel - yet cannot quite fathom. ...
Maeryn: At full moon, humans transform into wild beasts: wolves, boars, bears and others. Some call it the Curse of the Full Moon, others think it is a kind of sickness. ...
Maeryn: During this time, we try to not leave the house, we shut the windows and hope it will pass. The curse will weaken a bit after that but it returns. Every month.
Player: spread
Maeryn: We tried to prevent this really hard. Cornell won't ferry anyone affected by the curse back to Edron. But somehow one or more cursed people must have slipped through the cracks. Now the curse reached Edron, maybe even Cormaya! ...
Maeryn: This is a catastrophe. Please talk to Daniel Steelsoul in Edron.
Player: mission
Maeryn: It causes me great anxiety that the curse has spread and reached other regions of our world. The most serious problem here on Grimvale is, that many villagers were bitten by were-creatures. ...
Maeryn: Until the next full moon they will turn into savage beasts. There is only one way to prevent this: we need enough purple nightshade blossoms. ...
Maeryn: Three of these blossoms should suffice to heal some afflicted persons. But if you bring more I'd be grateful, of course. Would you do that?
Player: no
Maeryn: Well, that's most unfortunate. Farewell then and take care of yourself.
Player: yes
Maeryn: Thank you! These plants are reported to grow in the tunnels underneath the village, but I don't know the proper location.
Player: yes
Maeryn: You already helped us quite a lot, however, a lot of people are still suffering in the wake of the werecreatures. Thank you for helping us out again.
Player: spread
Maeryn: We tried to prevent this really hard. Cornell won't ferry anyone affected by the curse back to Edron. But somehow one or more cursed people must have slipped through the cracks. Now the curse reached Edron, maybe even Cormaya! ...
Maeryn: This is a catastrophe. I'm sure they need help in Edron but I can't leave Grimvale. The curse is very strong here and my people need me. Would you be willing to travel to Edron and aid them there?
Player: no
Maeryn: I'm sad to hear that. Come back, if you change opinions.
Player: yes
Maeryn: Thank you so much! Please travel to Edron and talk to Daniel Steelsoul. I'm sure he can tell you more about the spreading of the curse.
Player: bye
Maeryn: Farewell, then.