The Lair of Xemal Xoth
Liches are creatures of power that instill terror even in the hearts of the bravest heroes. The lich Xemal Xoth was one of the more notorious of his kind. He was superior to most of the liches and several of them had to follow his orders. In his early days, he enslaved the whole area of Drefia. He reigned supreme until a fraction of the liches tried to overthrow him. They were defeated and put to eternal torment as a warning to enemies and minions alike. Still the forces of Xemal Xoth were weakened and his ranks thinned out. Seizing that opportunity, a mighty circle of necromancers attacked Drefia and the lich had only a narrow escape. Seeking refuge in the pyramid city of Ankrahmun, he served under the Pharaoh and God-King Arkhothep as an advisor and court magician. But serving did not suit the taste of the vain lich and after some years he left the city to follow his own dark agenda. It was at this time when he secretly started to construct his lair. At first it served as a depot for the knowledge and treasures he had rescued from Drefia and acquired in Ankrahmun. Later he began to station his most powerful undead guardians and creations there. Still he was looking for some other centre for his power. A place where he would reign supreme once more. But by and by, his efforts concentrated on his secret lair with which for some unknown reason he became more and more obsessed with. He waged an half-hearted attempt to overrun Darashia with the aid of a handful of vampire lords and their minions. But after the tides of battle turned against them and seemed to favour the pious citizens of Darashia and the heroes that came to help, he abandoned Darashia without further thought. Several other incidents, involving undeads from all over the known world, can be traced back to Xemal Xoth but none of them seemed serious enough to pose a real threat. As the construction of his lair made further progress, he withdrew more and more from the world. So it is no wonder that his name has almost been forgotten today. The motives of Xemal Xoth can only be guessed, but they are certainly nothing good for the people of Tibia. Whatever he is concocting in his lair, it can only be hoped for that he is stopped before he succeeds in his evil plans.
The search for him, however, appears to be almost impossible since no living being seems to know where to find that secret lair. It can only be guessed that he learnt about some place of power and somehow keeps it under control. There are no real clues that can help us in this matter.