My people dived into this new venture with ambition. Resources were sent by other races, even knowledge was reluctantly shared by them. Prisoners and renegades were sent to us to do tests and experiments with them. Little of what we requested was ever denied. Even I was mildly thrilled for a while by the sheer novelty of the enterprise.
Then strange things began to happen. Plans were slightly changed, requests added to projects and the advisors led certain researches onto different paths that were not agreed upon. I would not have lived that long if I had not developed a sense for things going amiss. It became more and more obvious that we were not aware of the full truth. The increase of power levels for the prisons, for example, had, step by step, risen enormously. These were no longer prisons meant for some minor captives - these prisons were powerful enough to even give a lesser god some trouble. And there was more. Additions brought in by other races, things we did not even understand, were added. More and more demon 'advisors' stayed in the city all the while we heard about an increased fierceness of the battles elsewhere. I knew something big was happening. I was just undecided what to do with the knowledge. My first impulse was to run and hide, to watch from safety. But then I realised how tired I was of scheming and hiding. Yes, this was new, not home-made as usual; but for all its novelty it was still the same. I decided not to run but to stay and watch, and face what might come.
Soon I was more and more convinced that I was right; and when some of the demons approached us for a secret meeting, I was only mildly curious about what might be revealed. However, I can't tell what happened then and there. Gods were involved and binding vows were spoken, so that even now I can't go into details. I can merely circumvent it through stating that most of the secret things spoken about have already happened by now and are common knowledge.
I had been right that the prison was more than just that. It was meant to be a trap. And it was meant not primarily for our enemies, but our allies. Well, at least for the traitors amongst them. And who the traitors were, well, that was earth-shaking news.