Player: (idle)
Gruffy: Hey what are you doing there - leave that barrel alone!
Gruffy: Man, I wish I could join you treading, this must be the most boring job in all Tibia.
Gruffy: Proper treading is essential for proper juice.
Player: hi
Gruffy: Hello there Player! It's good to see you.
Player: name
Gruffy: Name's Gruffy, I'm a proud *sigh* representative of the... etcetera, etcetera... Combiwintersociety etcetera. You get the idea. ...
Gruffy: As you probably already know, we have a mission for you - and, based on your presence here, I assume you recently accepted to help us.
Player: job / good
Gruffy: The Combined Magical Winterberry Society and its members try to ensure the harvesting and processing of winterberries to all sorts of useful, magical fluids.
Player: news
Gruffy: Well it's the Annual Autumn Vintage. We should try to gather and process as much winterberries as possible this year.
Player: autumn
Gruffy: The Annual Autumn Vintage is our chance to gather the rare and valuable winterberries. Our job is it to oversee the gathering and especially the treading of the berries which then will be used to refine all sorts of magical potions.
Player: combined magic winterberry society
Gruffy: The Combined Magical Winterberry Society was founded more than one hundred years ago by mage Tolwyn Winter. ...
Gruffy: It is our duty to ensure the harvesting and processing of winterberries to secure a steady flow of the appropriate magical resources for potions and other magical fluids in this world. ...
Gruffy: What? No, all further information is on a... a 'need to know' basis. Where? No! That's not - I mean I won't tell you where our... IF we even HAVE any headquarters.
Player: mission
Gruffy: Alright, first thing is | [repeat] Alright, then here we go again. - you deliver your berries and put them into one of the moulds over there. We need to fill the vat with berries before the actual treading can start. ...
Gruffy: When enough winterberries have been put into the moulds, the vat is full and the treading starts. When this time has come, everyone needs to enter the vat and start TREADING like they never trod before. ...
Gruffy: It's possible that you may have to deal with the berry pest, a whole swarm of small flying buggers who will try to feed on the winterberries. ...
Gruffy: If that happens, you will have to remove them. All of them, or the treading cannot continue. ...
Gruffy: Depending on the state of the berries, you will need to add water or sugar to the mix after some time. I will tell you which, just listen to me when the time comes. ...
Gruffy: Whenever you want to return to Thais, simply ask me to transport you back. And that's basically it. All clear or do you want me to repeat it?
Player: no
Gruffy: There you go, happy treading!
Player: winterberries / berries
Gruffy: Winterberries are special berries only harvestable during a short time of the year. They are used to refine potions of all sorts. They can severely enhance their magical effects. ...
Gruffy: Without them it is generally a little more difficult to create effective potions.
Player: potions
Gruffy: We oversee the treading of winterberries in all of Tibia. The processed berries will be used to refine magical potions such as health or mana potions.
Player: status
Gruffy: As of now, no berries have been processed. Try to find some winterberries and join the Winterberry Society in their everlasting struggle to provide even better potions for everyone!
Player: status
Gruffy: As of now, 24 loads have been processed. Keep it up!
Player: thais / transport
Gruffy: Alright, so you want to return to Thais. Are you ready to leave?
Player: no
Gruffy: Well, just ask me again if you really want to leave.
Player: bye
Gruffy: See you around.
Player: (vanish)
Gruffy: Ok no goodbye then, fine with me.
