Gnomegica: Laaa Laaa LaLa Laa Laaa!
Gnomegica: Oh my, such a mess! I really should clean up things more often.
Player: hi
Gnomegica: Greetings! You came to the right gnome to buy potions, runes or wands. So let's talk about a trade.
Player: name
Gnomegica: I'm Gnomegica. It's so nice that you ask.
Player: offer
Gnomegica: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks. If you'd like to see all of my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Gnomegica: Of course, just browse through my wares. Or do you want to look only at potions, wands or runes?
Player: potions
Gnomegica: Have a look. You can also look at wands or runes.
Player: wands
Gnomegica: Have a look. You can also look at potions or runes.
Player: runes
Gnomegica: Have a look. You can also look at wands or potions. 
Player: bigfoot
Gnomegica: The bigfoot troop is a strange idea to me. But in the end these are strange times we live in.
Player: thais
Gnomegica: It is the capital of the Thaian kingdom. Not that I'd know what the Thaian kingdom is but that's what people told me.
Player: sky
Gnomegica: I've seen the sky once. But I guess it didn't see me because I kept hidden.
Player: gnome
Gnomegica: We gnomes are masters of growing and working crystals and we also mastered the raising of a variety of mushrooms for different purposes.
Player: dwarf
Gnomegica: With the enslaved dwarfs fighting on the side of 'those below' we were somewhat suspicious of the dwarfs at first. But after a while we grew to trust each other somewhat. It would be excessive to call it an alliance just yet. ...
Gnomegica: If the bigfoot project that the dwarfs suggested proves successful we will certainly open up a bit more towards outsiders and surfacers.
Player: those below
Gnomegica: The more we learn about them, the more it becomes clear how little we know. 
Player: global warming
Gnomegica: The warming is caused by 'those below'. That is what we could piece together, which is admittedly little, especially by gnomish standards.
Player: below
Gnomegica: We know little of those below. Even their minions seem to know little about them. Most of them are lead by other minions and they have a certain hierarchy. There are rumours of molten cities of lava at the heart of the earth.
Player: surface
Gnomegica: For all I heard it has to be a place of incredible poverty! They say peole there are so poor, that they even are often out of doors!
Player: crystal
Gnomegica: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: mushrooms
Gnomegica: In the last century mushrooms have become more and more important for producing raw materials and tools and less important for sustenance.
Player: bye
Gnomegica: Good bye and come again.
