Wesley: Why doesn't this thing work?
Wesley: Wretched machine. I really should be up at the farm, instead of ...engineering!
Wesley: <mutters> Well, now at least we know the machine doesn't take well to the cave climate here.
Wesley: Ah, at least for now it's working properly. Wait. What was that sound? Arghh!
Player: hi
Wesley: Hi! Are you the new assistant? No? Well then, I'll make you an honorary assistant.
Player: assistant
Wesley: Well, I'm kind of stuck here, as the control unit here need constant maintenance. <sigh> That's why I need someone to assist me in tending to the gloothworms.
Player: gloot
Wesley: The worms on the farm provide fresh, unused glooth. It's much sought after, both by the city and the scientists.
Player: mission
Wesley: So you'll assist me? Great! Okay. You will look after the gloothworms - find out what they need and then do the associated task. ...
Wesley: A daily routine implies at least three different tasks done. To receive a task, take a look at the gloothworm surveillance machine in the northern cave and then tell me what it says.
Player: machine
Wesley: Is there a malfunction with the machine that prevents you from completing a task?
Player: no
Wesley: Oh. Okay. Do you want me to explain how the machine works?
Player: yes / again
Wesley: The principle is simple. The machine measures soil humidity, toxic values and growth rate of the gloothworms through pipes filled with special reagents that connect it to the farm. ...
Wesley: Those values are shown as code on the machine. To prohibit tampering with the machine, only I know what the code means and can give access to the machine. ...
Wesley: If you want to assist me in a mission, all you have to do is this: Talk to me first. I'll then give you access to the machine. ...
Wesley: Now, use the machine once to have it display a code. Come to me to report that code, and I'll tell you which task you need to do. Then, when you finished your task, report back to me. ...
Wesley: When you have done three tasks in a row in this way, I'll give you a voting right as a reward. Want me to explain again?
Player: no
Wesley: Okay. Well, I'll just continue maintenance on this thing then. If you should be interested in assisting me again, come back anytime.
Player: machine -> yes
Wesley: Ah! So, you can't complete your task or use the machine, yes? Do you want me to reset the data and start from the beginning?
Player: no
Wesley: Ah, okay. Do you want me to explain how the machine works, then?
Player: reset
Wesley: I must tell you that this means you lose your current progress in the gloothworm tasks. Do you still want to reset all current tasks and start all over again?
Player: no
Wesley: Okay. Well, if you need help or want to assist me again, come back anytime.
Player: reset all
Wesley: Okay. Let me just reset this... and this. Okay. You can now start your tasks anew. If you want to assist me, talk to me about a mission.
Player: rathleton
Wesley: Well, I like the city good enough. Some really nice people around, even though the island's small. But now with the shipping line to Venore and Thais, I'm sure things grow a little more interesting every day.
Player: bye
Wesley: Bye!