We, the werelions, are the golden children and the chosen among all were creatures. We are fundamentally different from all other known were beasts: We have learned to control the Curse! In our were form, we don't turn into wild beasts that mindlessly attack anyone who comes close. Rather, we have the same control over ourselves in this form as we have as humans. We can consciously turn into our werelion form or back into human shape. Originally, we were some city guards of Darashia, who were bitten by a werelion during an expedition outside the city. The guards retired into the desert, but one of them, a man named Kalim, was so strong-willed that he managed to control the Curse. He taught the other guards to achieve this control as well. Thus, they were able to return to Darashia undetected and continued to protect the city in human form. They also set forth to find and kill all of the wild and uncontrolled werelions - with success. Gradually, they got so used to the Curse that they saw it as a gift rather than a burden. They therefore began to deliberately pass the curse on to others whom they considered worthy - and from then on no longer called it "the Curse" but "the Gift".

Over time, we, the werelions, developed our own secret subculture within Darashia. At that time, we also began to fight the werehyaenas, who kept getting too close to the city. This caused the old hostility between us and them. We mostly prevailed and were able to protect Darashia. However, as our number increased, we withdrew from the city, knowing that people's fear of us would be too great to accept us as part of Darashia. We trained some human guards as a special unit of hyaena hunters to continue our task, then left the city forever. We retreated to the Lion's Rock on the northern coast of the Darama Desert. Deep beneath this rock we created the so-called Sanctum, an extensive complex that resembles a mixture of palace and temple. For a long time already, we had been not just warriors, but also scholars, artists, craftsmen and architects. A wereliness named Timandra drafted the plans for the Sanctum, and we built it under the Darama Desert over the course of many years. We created our own unique architectural style, which is of course characterized by motifs and depictions of lions, but is otherwise more reminiscent of Ankrahmun than Darashia. Another recurring motif is the connection of sun and moon: We, the werelions, see ourselves as children of the sun Suon, but are also aware of our connection to the moon, which we call Uaris. Until today, our powers are strongest at the time of the full moon. Therefore, we created mosaics in the Sanctum that show a connection between Suon and Uaris, our father and mother. We created our own unique architectural style, which is of course characterized by motifs and depictions of lions, but is otherwise more reminiscent of Ankrahmun than Darashia. Another recurring motif is the connection of sun and moon: We, the werelions, see ourselves as children of the sun Suon, but are also aware of our connection to the moon, which we call Uaris. Until today, our powers are strongest at the time of the full moon. Therefore, we created mosaics in the Sanctum that show a connection between Suon and Uaris, our father and mother. We created our own unique architectural style, which is of course characterized by motifs and depictions of lions, but is otherwise more reminiscent of Ankrahmun than Darashia. Another recurring motif is the connection of sun and moon: We, the werelions, see ourselves as children of the sun Suon, but are also aware of our connection to the moon, which we call Uaris. Until today, our powers are strongest at the time of the full moon. Therefore, we created mosaics in the Sanctum that show a connection between Suon and Uaris, our father and mother. but are also aware of our connection to the moon, which we call Uaris. Until today, our powers are strongest at the time of the full moon. Therefore, we created mosaics in the Sanctum that show a connection between Suon and Uaris, our father and mother. but are also aware of our connection to the moon, which we call Uaris. Until today, our powers are strongest at the time of the full moon. Therefore, we created mosaics in the Sanctum that show a connection between Suon and Uaris, our father and mother.