Player: hi / hello  
Alkestios: Nature's blessing, traveller! May you not be affected by any sinister force.  
Player: Ab'Dendriel  
Alkestios: It's a place full of life, huge trees, lush plants and various animals. I visit it now and then because I feel very comfortable there.  
Player: Aurita  
Alkestios: She's a beautiful mermaid, dwelling in the warm waters at Feyrist's shores. She stole Taegen's heart.  
Player: Benevola  
Alkestios: She's a druid and very concerned with nature's balance. She is taking care of the animals around here, especially starving wolves. Besides you and some elves in Ab'Dendriel, she is the only mortal who knows about my true nature.  
Player: book  
Alkestios: It was a good idea to outwit the poachers with the faked book. Well done!  
Player: Carlin / Edron / Thais / Venore / Darashia  
Alkestios: It's a place full of stone buildings and people. I heard it is called a town. But I'm still not sure which purpose it serves.  
Player: darama  
Alkestios: I guess it's a desert.  
Player: deer  
Alkestios: Outside of our secret realm my siblings and I can't keep our true shape. If we want to travel other parts of the world, we must take over the bodies of animals. But we are causing them no harm and we just take control if necessary.  
Player: dreams  
Alkestios: There is far more to dreams than mortal beings are aware of. They possess some kind of magical power, ancient and mysterious. I shouldn't tell you too much about it, but I can tell you that the fae are closely linked to this power.  
Player: dwarves / dwarfs  
Alkestios: We know them, yes. Their dreams are different from those of elves and humans. Somehow graver and more grounded.  
Player: elves / elfes  
Alkestios: They inhabit Ab'Dendriel and live in close touch with nature. Their dreams are mostly serene and suffused with light.  
Player: energy  
Alkestios: It is rather subversive, so most creatures won't sense it ... yet. But its corrosive power has already begun to affect my kind and our hidden realm in unpleasant ways. I hope, I will find someone who can help us.  
Player: fae  
Alkestios: Some call us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the term fae. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...  
Alkestios: We tend to be secretive about our true nature, but I guess there was once an elven sage who visited our realm and put his experiences down on paper. There might be a book about the fae in the library of Ab'Dendriel.  
Player: Feyrist  
Alkestios: It is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.  
Player: human  
Alkestios: They inhabit these huge places filled with stone buildings. They call them towns, I guess. Some of them are cheerful and well-meaning, others are wicked and cruel. Their traits and attitudes vary greatly - and so do their dreams.  
Player: Ikassis  
Alkestios: She's one of my sisters. I guess she took over the body of a snake.  
Player: job  
Alkestios: I have no idea what you mean by this word.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Alkestios: You are talking about the nearby mountains, I assume. I have never been there but I know it is the home of the dwarves.  
Player: kind / siblings  
Alkestios: We call ourselves the fae. Some name us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the former term. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...  
Alkestios: As we tend to be secretive about our true nature I'm afraid I can't tell you more.  
Player: Maelyrra  
Alkestios: She is one of the fae queens of Feyrist.  
Player: mission / quest / task  
Alkestios: Thank you again for your support, human being.  
Player: name  
Alkestios: My name is Alkestios - which is also the name of a beautiful day lily if you wonder. That's because my true form is a bit more filigree than this cervine body.  
Player: news / rumors / rumours  
Alkestios: Something is happening to this world - something baleful and sinister.  
Player: Oramond / Krailos / Rathleton  
Alkestios: I have never heard of this place.  
Player: protect  
Alkestios: I can sense a kind of dark energy lately. It is pervading this world, more and more every day. Yet I don't know where it arises from nor what we could do to dispel it.  
Player: realm  
Alkestios: We call it Feyrist and it is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.  
Player: Roshamuul  
Alkestios: This is a dark and dangerous place. It is full of terrible monsters and made of nightmares - literally.  
Player: sinister  
Alkestios: I can sense a kind of dark energy lately. It is pervading this world, more and more every day. Yet I don't know where it arises from nor what we could do to dispel it.  
Player: Taegen  
Alkestios: He's one of my brethren, a faun. He preferred not to leave Feyrist - mainly because of Aurita, I assume.  
Player: Talila  
Alkestios: She is a pixies living in Feyrist.  
Player: Tibia  
Alkestios: This is the world we are living in - you and me and all children of nature.  
Player: time  
Alkestios: Time is fluent, traveller.  
Player: Tooth Fairy  
Alkestios: She's one of my sisters and took over a white seagull. The last time I talked to her she seemed worried.  
Player: Valindara  
Alkestios: She is a swan maiden and lives in Feyrist.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Alkestios: May your path always be even.  
