Player: hi / ashari
Bashira: Ashari, Player.
Player: name
Bashira: I'm Bashira Darkmark.
Player: job
Bashira: I sell various equipment and buy some stuff. Ask me for a trade if you're interested.
Player: time
Bashira: Buy a watch.
Player: offer / sell / buy / stuff
Bashira: My inventory of general goods is large, ask me for a trade to take a look.
Player: goods
Bashira: I sell shovels, picks, scythes, bags, ropes, backpacks, plates, cups, scrolls, parchments, documents, watches, various sources of light, fishing rods and worms.
Player: light
Bashira: I sell torches, candelabra, and oil.
Player: food
Bashira: I'm not dealing with food.
Player: trade
Bashira: Of course, just browse through my wares. If you buy a vial, remember there's a 5 gold deposit on the empty one.
Player: crunor
Bashira: One god of many. They are all alike and of no use.
Bashira: They have nothing to give us.
Player: troll
Bashira: They are lazy and clumsy. We should use dwarfs instead.
Player: dwarfs
Bashira: They have some talent in mining and smithing.
Player: elves
Bashira: That's our race.
Player: deraisim
Bashira: Useless leaf-eaters.
Player: kuridai
Bashira: Without us and our tools, nothing would work in this town.
Player: cenath
Bashira: Their magic is almost as impressive as their ego.
Player: abdaisim
Bashira: They left. Perhaps we should do that, too.
Player: teshial
Bashira: A stupid Cenath myth.
Player: roderick
Bashira: His presence here is a waste of space and talking to or even about him a waste of time.
Player: olrik
Bashira: He's quite amusing for a human.
Player: thais
Bashira: The people of Thais boast about their mighty kingdom, but eventually their short lives will doom everything they build.
Player: venore
Bashira: Their merchants have no patience, and all too fast, they lose their masks of friendliness.
Player: carlin
Bashira: Carlin has some capable fighters, although they lack the grace of an elf.
Player: ferumbras
Bashira: He may scare the tree dwellers or the bigmouths, but not the Kuridai.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Bashira: Asha Thrazi, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Bashira: Asha Thrazi.