Player: hi / ashari
Edala: Ashari, Player. Is there anything I can do for you?
Player: name
Edala: My name is Edala, pilgrim.
Player: do for you / job
Edala: I am a mystic of the suns. I provide protective blessings for those in need.
Player: mystic
Edala: We mystics are philosophers and healers.
Player: news
Edala: News? I don't care about news.
Player: cenath / kuridai / deraisim / abdaisim / teshial
Edala: I don't consider myself a member of any caste, and I don't want to talk about this matter.
Player: crunor
Edala: Crunor is great in his beauty.
Player: priyla
Edala: The daughter of the stars is my patron.
Player: excalibug
Edala: It is true that this weapon brings great power. But you should not look for power. It is wisdom you really need.
Player: heal
Edala: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I can't help you. But if you are looking for additional protection you should go on the pilgrimage of ashes.
Player: blessings
Edala: There are five different blessings available in five sacred places. These blessings are: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude. ...
Edala: There are also two enhanced blessings for further reduction of experience loss.
Player: hi
Edala: Ashari, Player. How... nice to see a human taking interest in a beautiful art such as music.
Player: hi
Edala: Ashari, Player... that sound was.. interesting.
Player: hi
Edala: Ashari, Player. You've made some... progress playing the lyre, haven't you..? I want to believe you have.
Player: hi
Edala: Player. My regular visitor. I certainly... appreciate your efforts to entertain me, but let me assure you, I'm quite comfortable up here by myself. Alone. In silence.
Player: hi
Edala: Ashari, Player. I'm starting to feel a little sorry... for your lyre. Being forced to produce such noise must be a tragic fate.
Player: hi
Edala: Player! You're driving me insane! I beg you, take your lyre away from this sacred and peaceful place.
Player: hi
Edala: AAAARGH! Player! My ears! I'd prefer listening to drunken dwarves rambling all day to the sound of your lyre! Please, at least get it tuned. Here, you can have this elvish diapason.
Player: diapason
Edala: This item has magical abilities. We elves use it to tune our instruments so they create the most silvery, delicate song. It might have other uses, but I wouldn't know about that.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Edala: Asha Thrazi, traveller. May the suns enlighten your path!
Player: (vanish)
Edala: Asha Thrazi, traveller.