Player: hi / ashari
Eroth: I greet thee, outsider. I suppose you are here to learn new spells.
Player: name
Eroth: My name is Eroth Ramathi.
Player: job
Eroth: I am the leader of the Cenath caste.
Player: time
Eroth: That is a inferior concept invented by the minor races.
Player: magic
Eroth: Magic comes almost naturally to the Cenath. We keep the secrets of ages.
Player: level
Eroth: Just ask me for spells, that's the fastest way to find out which spells I have.
Player: spells
Eroth: I teach the spells 'Poison Field', 'Fire Field', 'Energy Field', 'Poison Wall', 'Fire Wall', 'Energy Wall' and 'Fire Bomb', as well as ...
Eroth: 'Destroy Field', 'Magic Shield', 'Invisible', 'Summon Creature', 'Convince Creature', 'Creature Illusion' and 'Chameleon'.
Player: vocation
Eroth: You are narrow-minded to think in such boundaries.
Player: spellbook
Eroth: Cenath rarely use spellbooks. The minor castes rely on them though.
Player: sorcerer
Eroth: Sorcerers are not attuned to nature and therefore can't master it.
Player: druid
Eroth: Druids master spells of defence, healing, and nature.
Player: crunor
Eroth: Gods are for the weak. We will master the world on our own. We need no gods.
Player: humans
Eroth: We tolerate them and allow them to be used by us.
Player: troll
Eroth: The Kuridai have the distasteful habit to keep some trolls for inferior work.
Player: dwarfs
Eroth: The diggers are not welcome in our realm.
Player: elves
Eroth: Our people are the children of light and darkness, the heirs of dusk and dawn.
Player: deraisim
Eroth: They lack the understanding of unity. We are keeping them together and prevent them from being slaughtered one by one.
Player: kuridai
Eroth: The Kuridai are aggressive and victims of their instincts. Without our help they would surely die in a foolish war.
Player: cenath
Eroth: We are the shepherds of our people. The other castes need our guidance.
Player: abdaisim
Eroth: They are fools and almost deserve the extinction that awaits them. Though we will take it upon us to rescue even them by leading them home.
Player: teshial
Eroth: They are gone. They alone were almost equal to us Cenath among elvenkind.
Player: dreamer
Eroth: The Teshial were masters of the so-called dream magic.
Player: dream master / dreammaster
Eroth: The dream masters, though overestimated, wielded some impressive power without much practical use.
Player: king
Eroth: Our people have no use for kings or queens.
Player: queen
Eroth: Stop this Kuridai nonsense.
Player: roderick
Eroth: A stupid human who can't comprehend our complex society.
Player: olrik
Eroth: A human who dreams to become an elf. It would be funny if it were not that pathetic.
Player: thais
Eroth: A city of filth and dirt. Any elf should visit this city at least once to see what a society without good guidance can become.
Player: venore
Eroth: The merchants of Venore have proven useful and are therefore tolerated.
Player: carlin
Eroth: Their druids seek my counsel quite often. I provide them with as many insights their little minds can keep up with and which I feel is appropriate.
Player: ferumbras
Eroth: A human born evil. Another evidence of the destructive potential of that race.
Player: excalibug
Eroth: Just another human myth.
Player: mission
Eroth: Have you ever heard of Elvenbane? It is the castle west of Ab'Dendriel which is inhabited by villains from all over the continent. Any support in this war is welcome. Are you willing to help?
Player: no
Eroth: We are not forcing anybody to help us in our struggle.
Player: yes
Eroth: Recently we found out that they are in the possession of a scrying crystal ball. They can hear all our discussions about tactics and upcoming attacks. ...
Eroth: No wonder they always were so well prepared. Now, you come into play: destroy the scrying crystal ball in Elvenbane. It should be on the top floor. ...
Eroth: We don't really know how to destroy it, but we suppose it may work if you reflect the invisible power of the ball. The beam should be adjusted to Ab'Dendriel. Take this mirror and give it a try. Good luck.
Player: mission
Eroth: I heard the blow! The reflection must have caused a overcharge of magical energy leading to the contraction and the implosion. Just like I hoped! Please take this as a reward. Thank you very much.
Player: stalagmite / explosion / avalanche
Eroth: Elathriel is specialised in this aggressive spell.
Player: cure poison / intense healing / ultimate healing
Eroth: I suppose Maealil could help you with healing magic.
Player: light / find person / food
Eroth: Go find Faluae for this kind of easy support magic.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Eroth: Asha Thrazi. Go where you have to go and do what you must do.