Player: hi / ashari
Faluae: Greetings, traveller. If you're looking for paladin or druid spells, I might be able to help you.
Player: name
Faluae: I am known as Faluae Ethrathil.
Player: job
Faluae: I am the spokesperson of the Deraisim caste.
Player: time
Faluae: Sorry, I don't know.
Player: news
Faluae: Sorry, the only news I have concern the growth of plants and the coming and going of animal herds.
Player: spells
Faluae: I teach the spells 'Find Person', 'Find Fiend', 'Light', 'Great Light' and 'Food'.
Player: level
Faluae: Just ask me for spells, that's the fastest way to find out which spells I have.
Player: magic
Faluae: I learned a little about some minor spells.
Player: firebomb / invisible / destroy field
Faluae: Eroth is good at fields, shields and other illusion spells.
Player: stalagmite / explosion / avalanche
Faluae: Elathriel is specialised in this aggressive spell.
Player: cure poison / intense healing / ultimate healing
Faluae: I suppose Maealil could help you with healing magic.
Player: sorcerer
Faluae: They are so ... destructive.
Player: druid
Faluae: Druids are very close to Crunor.
Player: crunor
Faluae: I praise the Great Tree and Mother Earth, who gave birth to all life, and Nera, the celestial paladin.
Player: nera
Faluae: The lady of spring, helper of Crunor and Earth itself.
Player: humans
Faluae: I don't like their stone cities and their stench.
Player: troll
Faluae: I still can't stand the thought of the Kuridai keeping these disgusting creatures in our settlement.
Player: dwarfs
Faluae: Funny little people sometimes. But their tunnels are harmful to the enviroment.
Player: elves
Faluae: The elves are split in three castes: the Deraisim, the Kuridai, and the Cenath.
Player: deraisim
Faluae: We only stay here to keep our people together. We hunt for them, provide them with food, and scout the area.
Player: kuridai
Faluae: They are paranoid, what makes them so aggressive.
Player: cenath
Faluae: They think they are so wise but they lost the ability to adore the simple things.
Player: abdaisim
Faluae: Our lost brothers and sisters. Oh, we miss them so much.
Player: teshial
Faluae: I can only hope they will return one day.
Player: king
Faluae: I know nothing about kings.
Player: army
Faluae: I don't understand what you mean.
Player: roderick
Faluae: He is the thaian ambassador.
Player: olrik
Faluae: He is the assistant of the thaian ambassador.
Player: thais
Faluae: Thais is far away and that is a good thing.
Player: venore
Faluae: I don't appreciate that my people buy that much human wares but there is little I can do about it.
Player: carlin
Faluae: For a human city Carlin is not that bad. Its still a scar in the natural enviroment of course.
Player: ferumbras
Faluae: I hope this fallen servant of evil will never find us.
Player: excalibug
Faluae: What is that?
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Faluae: Asha Thrazi, traveller.