Player: hi / ashari
Roderick: Salutations Player. What brings you here?
Player: name
Roderick: I am Roderick of Thais, commoner.
Player: job
Roderick: I am ambassador of our beloved king, Tibianus III.
Player: tibianus
Roderick: Our beloved ruler seeks friendship and peace with the elves of Ab'Dendriel.
Player: time
Roderick: Ask someone else.
Player: news
Roderick: We don't hear much at this place.
Player: magic
Roderick: I am impressed by the magic the elves are able to wield. Many of them can cast and even teach spells.
Player: sorcerer
Roderick: Perhaps Thaian sorcerers can teach the elves their magic in exchange for knowledge of that noble race.
Player: druid
Roderick: The elven magic is somewhat similar to that of the druids.
Player: crunor
Roderick: I am not familiar enough with the different faiths to discuss them properly.
Player: humans
Roderick: Though there are differences with other races, I am sure we can live in peace and harmony with them.
Player: troll
Roderick: I heard about them working in the local mines. I am not sure if I like the concept of having such creatures within the walls of a city.
Player: dwarfs / kazordoon
Roderick: The dwarfs are very diligent and crafty people. Our contracts with Kazordoon assure the best for both of our races.
Player: elves
Roderick: Though there are differences, I am sure we can live in peace and harmony with that noble race.
Player: deraisim / kuridai / cenath
Roderick: I look forward to improving our relations with them.
Player: abdaisim
Roderick: Unfortunately I've had no contact with them yet.
Player: teshial
Roderick: They hardly seem more then an elven myth.
Player: olrik
Roderick: He is my servant and responsible for the mail. I wish he would not spend so much time with elven ladies and work harder.
Player: venore
Roderick: The tradesmen of Venore show great interest in trade contracts with the elves.
Player: carlin
Roderick: We are watching their relations with Ab'Dendriel closely.
Player: thais
Player: ferumbras
Roderick: A threat to all free races.
Player: excalibug
Roderick: A nice myth, but nothing more.
Player: bye
Roderick: Farewell, Player.