Player: hi
Tigo: There, there initiate. You will now become one of us, as so many before you. One of the Barkless. Walk with us and you will walk tall my friend.
Player: name
Tigo: My name is Tigo, Beacon of the Barkless.
Player: job / beacon
Tigo: I am Beacon of the Barkless and one of the first to join the circle of the Penitent. Only one of us can be Beacon. My job is to gather like-minded and oversee their material sacrifices.
Player: barkless
Tigo: You are now one of us. Learn to endure this world's suffering in every facet and take delight in the soothing eternity that waits for the purest of us on the other side.
Player: pure / purification
Tigo: Purification is but one of the difficult steps on your way to the other side. The trial of tar, sulphur and ice.
Player: trial
Tigo: The trial consists of three steps. The trial of tar, where you will suffer unbearable heat and embrace the stigma of misfortune. ...
Tigo: The trial of sulphur, where you will bathe in burning sulphur and embrace the stigma of vanity. Then, there is the trial of purification. The truest of us will be purified to face judgement from the Penitent. ...
Tigo: To purge your soul, your body will have to be near absolute zero, the point where life becomes impossible. ...
Tigo: Something about you is different. I know that you will find a way to return even if you should die during the purification. And if you do... Leiden will become aware of you and retreat. ...
Tigo: If he does, follow him into his own chambers. Barkless are neither allowed to go near the throne room, aside from being judged, nor can we actually enter it. ...
Tigo: He should be easy to defeat with his back to the wall, find him - and deliver us from whatever became of the Penitent.
Player: penitent / leiden
Tigo: The Penitent is the first and truest of the Barkless. Our spiritual leader. He walked the face of this world in suffering and pain for us to be freed from misery on the other side. ...
Tigo: Only he can judge if our brothers and sister are pure enough to approach him.
Player: judge
Tigo: When you are free from vanity and fortune, you shall receive purification. Then, and only then, the Penitent will judge you. Survive the trial of tar, sulphur and ice.
Player: sent
Tigo: At times, Barkless are chosen to undertake missions for the Penitent. They are not selected by my hand, and certainly not yours. Only the Penitent can and will decide who leaves.
Player: bye
Tigo: Az'edail (savour pain), my sister.
Player: (vanish)
Tigo: Az'edail, my... hm.