Player: hi
Allen: Welcome to the Plank and Treasurechest Market, Simula! Best trades in town!
Player: name
Allen: My name is Allen Richardson. I'm the owner of this market.
Player: job
Allen: I run this market and sell furniture.
Player: offer / goods / furniture / equipment
Allen: Well, as you can see, we sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested.
Player: news
Allen: Sorry, no time to chat, let's trade.
Player: trade
Allen: Have a look. Most furniture comes in handy kits. Just use them in your house to assemble the furniture.
Player: time 
Allen: It is 10:10 pm. Too bad we run out of cuckoo clocks
Player: leeland slim
Allen: Mr. Slim sold me the legendary screwdriver of Kurik! All I had to do was play a small prank on grumpy Aldo. I told him his wife had actually cooked something for lunch ...
Allen: He had tears in his eyes when he was running home. Hehe! Guess what? Some criminal stole the screwdriver shortly after and replaced it with an old toothbrush!
Player: abran ironeye
Allen: Well, that's what I call a real man. This man is a hero! A fighter! A general! If we had an army, he'd be the right man to lead it!
Player: carlin
Allen: This bunch of scheming women proves Thais's weakness best.
Player: thais
Allen: This city is somewhat outdated.
Player: venore
Allen: This is the best city in the whole world! We don't care about greedy kings or ambitious priests and the like ...
Allen: One fine day our leaders will declare Venore's independence!
Player: leaders
Allen: Venore's wealth is based on wise decisions and transactions made by the traders union. They know what people actually want and need, unlike some magistrates or civil servants.
Player: tooth
Allen: A rather unusual question. But yes, my son lost his first tooth a few days ago.
Player: child
Allen: Yes, I have a child. My son, my wife and me, we're living upstairs.
Player: money
Allen: In the end it's all about money. Money can make you a king. Money is a reward for the cleverness. If you are clever enough, you'll never short on money.
Player: gods
Allen: Well, it's one thing to respect the gods, but it's something completely different to listen to the lies of some priests.
Player: bye
Allen: Good bye, Simula.
Allen: Good bye.