Player: hi  
Irmana: Welcome to the house of fashion, Player!  
Player: fashion / offer / stuff / goods / buy / sell / equipment / ware  
Irmana: If you'd like to take a look at what I buy from you, ask me for a trade. I can also fabricate cloth, and sometimes, for special occasions, hats.  
Player: trade  
Irmana: I'm currently interested in these materials.  
Player: fabricate  
Irmana: I can fabricate green cloth from green tunics, red cloth from red robes and blue cloth from mystic turbans.  
Player: hats  
Irmana: Sorry, but I don't currently create hats.  
Player: name  
Irmana: I am Irmana, pleased to meet you.  
Player: job  
Irmana: I am a tailor assistant. I also buy cloth, some tapestries, yarn and leather and can fabricate cloth from secondhand clothing.  
Player: leather  
Irmana: I buy minotaur leather, lizard leather, green dragon leather and red dragon leather.  
Player: cloth  
Irmana: If you are in need of cloth and do not have the time to hunt down monsters who might carry the cloth you need, I can fabricate green, red and blue cloth from secondhand clothing. I also buy cloth, yarn and leather.  
Player: kalvin  
Irmana: <blushes> Such a handsome and polite gentleman.  
Player: hugo  
Irmana: He is a grand tailor and designer. Well, mostly a designer, he usually doesn't bother with the tailoring work. That's my job.  
Player: fur / hunter  
Irmana: I already sold you the fur.  
Player: addon  
Irmana: Currently we are offering accessories for the nobleman - and, of course, noblewoman - outfit. Would you like to hear more about our offer?  
Player: yes  
Irmana: It seems that you have already purchased all of our accessories, Player. Impressive.  
Player: noblewoman / nobleman  
Irmana: The perfect outfit for wealthy and noble citizens. We also have beautiful accessories, if you can afford them.  
Player: outfits  
Irmana: If you want to learn about our new collection, ask Kalvin.  
Player: mystic turban  
Irmana: Would you like me to fabricate one piece of blue cloth from your mystic turban?  
Player: yes  
Irmana: Sorry, but you don't have a mystic turban.  
Player: mystic turban  
Irmana: Would you like me to fabricate one piece of blue cloth from your mystic turban?  
Player: no  
Irmana: Maybe another time.  
Player: mystic turban  
Irmana: Would you like me to fabricate one piece of blue cloth from your mystic turban?  
Player: yes  
Irmana: Here you are!  
Player: red robe  
Irmana: Would you like me to fabricate one piece of red cloth from your red robe?  
Player: yes  
Irmana: Here you are!  
Player: green tunic  
Irmana: Would you like me to fabricate one piece of green cloth from your 150 green tunics?  
Player: yes  
Irmana: Here you are!  
Player: bye  
Irmana: Good bye, Player.  
