Player: hi  
Sylvester: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
Player: KING / tibianus / leader  
Sylvester: Tibianus III is our beloved king! He rules over Venore from far away Thais.  
Player: Venore  
Sylvester: The harbour is to the north, the weapon market in the south, the general market to the west, and the bank to the east. You will find other shops and the Hard Rock Tavern in the centre.  
Player: job  
Sylvester: I am a protector of the people of Venore.  
Player: dogs of war  
Sylvester: They are our rolemodells.  
Player: battlegroups  
Sylvester: I doubt you have the security clearance to ask that.  
Player: guard / army / secret police  
Sylvester: This information is confidential.  
Player: news  
Sylvester: Look for the Hard Rock Tavern to learn the latest news.  
Player: silver guard  
Sylvester: Only the best of the best serve as silver guards.  
Player: city  
Sylvester: This city, a member of the Thaian kingdom, is under the protection of the Thaian army.  
Player: ass / fuck / shit / idiot / stupid / homophobic word / lunatic / tyrant  
Sylvester: Take this!  
Player: buy / sell  
Sylvester: Ask the merchants of the city. There are more than enough.  
Player: castle  
Sylvester: The castle is in Thais, the crown of the kingdom.  
Player: how are you?  
Sylvester: That's classified information!  
Player: knights of noodles  
Sylvester: Every guard dreams of becoming one of them one day.  
Player: monsters  
Sylvester: The swamp is full of nasty snakes and there's a dragon breeding ground somewhere in the swamps.  
Player: swamp
Sylvester: The swamp is a dangerous place and full of monsters, not to mention all those swampelves living at shadowthorn, amazons, and swamptrolls.  
Player: swamptrolls  
Sylvester: This hideous creatures are even more ugly than the normal trolls. They are treacherous and use several poisons.  
Player: swampelves  
Sylvester: Those elves hide in the swamps and are trying to kill all humans in this area.
Player: amazons
Sylvester: They are the best example for the results of the Carlin madness.
Player: bye  
Sylvester: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
