Player: Hi  
Vladruc: I am Vladruc Urghain and welcome you, Player, to my house.  
Player: House/Job  
Vladruc: I am a humble merchant of little importance to the beautiful Venore.  
Player: Venore  
Vladruc: Our ways are not your ways, and there shall be to you many strange things.  
Player: Name  
Vladruc: I am Vladruc Urghain. Welcome to my house!  
Player: Monster  
Vladruc: Oh yes, the children of the night ... you dwellers in the city cannot enter into the feelings of the hunter.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Vladruc: You think he is of ancient evil? Little you know about ancientness or evilness.  
Player: Excalibug  
Vladruc: A terrifying weapon if it does exist at all.  
Player: Coffin  
Vladruc: The final resting place for all of us, isn't it?  
Player: Thais  
Vladruc: Sadly, only through books have I come to know your great Thais, and to know her is to love her.  
Player: Books  
Vladruc: These companions have been good friends and teachers to me.  
Player: Tibia  
Vladruc: What a wonderful world we do live in ... so full of life.  
Player: Blood  
Vladruc: I like blood ... only the color, that is, of course ... <chuckles>  
Player: Vampire  
Vladruc: Please don't talk about such creatures. You are scaring me.  
Player: Necromancer  
Vladruc: Death is the final frontier. Necromancers boldly go, where no one has gone before.  
Player: Magic  
Vladruc: Magic is a tool to be mastered.  
Player: Undead  
Vladruc: It is not dead, which can eternal lie, and in strange aeons, even death may die.  
Player: King  
Vladruc: I am of noble blood myself. I have been master so long that none other should be master of me.  
Player: Time  
Vladruc: It is 6:08 am.  
Player: Dungeon  
Vladruc: Such lovely places, unjustly shunned by the people.  
Player: Help  
Vladruc: I am sorry, but I can't be of much assistance to you.  
Player: Adventure  
Vladruc: The time I sought out adventure is long gone indeed.  
Player: Alchemy  
Vladruc: You can buy some potions downstairs.  
Player: Spell  
Vladruc: I know a spell or two. You might want to buy some spells downstairs in the market.  
Player: Market/Shop  
Vladruc: Ah, feel free to browse and buy in my humble shop below.  
Player: Army  
Vladruc: The Thaian garrison serves its purpose very well.  
Player: News  
Vladruc: I am a reclusive person and learn little of the local gossip of the peasants.  
Player: Offer  
Vladruc: Please check my humble market downstairs for the wares that are offered.  
Player: Thank you  
Vladruc: That's nothing worth to be mentioned.  
Player: Bye/Farewell  
Vladruc: Go safely Player, and leave something of the happiness you bring!  
