Player: hi
Xed: Greetings, Simula. Welcome to the distance fighting booth of the Ironhouse where you can buy bows, crossbows and ammunition.
Player: name
Xed: People call me Xed, but my full name is Xedem.
Player: xed
Xed: Yeah, nice name, eh?
Player: job / fletcher
Xed: I am the humble supplier for distance fighting weapons of the Ironhouse, owned by Abran Ironeye.
Player: time
Xed: I don't know, maybe what you really need is a watch.
Player: help
Xed: I sell items of the distance type.
Player: buy
Xed: My offers are bows, crossbows and ammunition. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Xed: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: hurt
Xed: Go to a priest. I am sure they will fix you up.
Player: monster
Xed: Yeah, these awful beasts. They live in the swamps near the city and in dark dungeons.
Player: dungeon
Xed: Oh, they are all over. You never see more of them than in Kaz, though.
Player: kaz
Xed: Oh, that's short for Kazordoon.
Player: amazons
Xed: They are a band or tribe of strange women that have nothing in common with civilized men like me.
Player: general
Xed: You must be talking of the great general Benjamin. He saved the kingdom from ferumbras you know.
Player: army
Xed: We supply the archers of the army with distance fighting weapons.
Player: ferumbras
Xed: I heard rumours somewhere that his father was called Hugo.
Player: abran ironeye
Xed: He is the owner of this market, although - just between you and me - I'm not so sure he's honest.
Player: honest
Xed: Well, I overheard the boss discussing some shady deals with a man in a black cloak.
Player: shady deals
Xed: Something about a sword only great warlords can use and a rare distance fighting item.
Player: excalibug
Xed: I think that was the sword they were talking about. Said something about a man in Edron that could get it for him.
Player: rare distance fighting item
Xed: Yes, but I believe this is nothing but lies seeing that there are only a few distance fighting weapons.
Player: bye
Xed: Goodbye Simula, and may the gods be with you.
