Player: hi
Evrard The Miller: Welcome! I hope you're well and good today. If you just want to use the mill, feel free to do so.
Player: name
Evrard The Miller: My name is Evrard.
Player: evrard
Evrard The Miller: That's me. Evrard the miller.
Player: job
Evrard The Miller: I am the local miller.
Player: mill / flour
Evrard The Miller: Well, you can make some excellent flour here. Just put your grain under the millstone and and grind.
Player: bounac
Evrard The Miller: A fine place, we got everything we need here. There's traders for everything, a nice inn, a castle and even a cathedral. ...
Evrard The Miller: We also have a harbour but trade overseas is basically non-existent. And not exactly needed, I might add. ...
Evrard The Miller: Still, the siege has taken its toll on our fine city and its people.
Player: siege / drume / fugue
Evrard The Miller: Drume and Fugue have caused quite a ruckus around here. This siege is very hard for Bounac and its people.
Player: onfroi
Evrard The Miller: Onfroi is also a healer and quite fun guy once you lean to know him better. He has his quirks, sure - but who doesn't.
Player: john the carpenter
Evrard The Miller: John's been bitten by a snake as far as I heard. Hope he's alright.
Player: kesar the younger / king
Evrard The Miller: Kesar is our king, let nobody tell you otherwise.
Player: wes the smith
Evrard The Miller: Wes is our blacksmith and a very skilled one indeed.
Player: dal the huntress / hunter
Evrard The Miller: Dal is a kind souls, return her kindness with some respect.
Player: jehan the baker
Evrard The Miller: I often deliver flour directly to Jehan but it's become a bit of a hassle during the siege.
Player: fral the butcher
Evrard The Miller: Our butcher, Fral, is well-known for his fine meat.
Player: innkeeper alphonse
Evrard The Miller: You'll like Alphonse, I guarantee. And if you don't, you'll like his exquisite wine and cheese.
Player: augustin
Evrard The Miller: Augustin is a trader working for Kesar. I wonder who his sources and suppliers are.
Player: yselda
Evrard The Miller: Did I tell you of this? Well, remember it then.
Player: siege / drume / fugue
Evrard The Miller: Drume and Fugue have caused quite a ruckus around here. This siege is very hard for Bounac and its people.
Player: bye
Evrard The Miller: Farewell then.