Player: hi
Wes the Blacksmith: Hail, customer! Welcome to Wes and son, blacksmith (and teacher). Can I do something for you?
Player: no
Wes the Blacksmith: Alright, then!
Player: yes (night)
Wes the Blacksmith: Well, sorry, not at this hour. Feel free to come by my shop during daytime!
Player: yes (day)
Wes the Blacksmith: Good! Feel free to browse my hand-made equipment then!
Player: browse
Wes the Blacksmith: There you are, traveller!
Player: name / wes
Wes the Blacksmith: My name's Wes. Pleased to meet you, traveller!
Player: job / smith
Wes the Blacksmith: I am a smith and part-time teacher.
Player: son
Wes the Blacksmith: That ne'er-do-well. Who knows what he's currently on about. He's seeems keenly interested in distance fighting, however. Which is the ONE THING I do not have any equipment for.
Player: trade / browse
Wes the Blacksmith: Come to my shop during daytime, I don't store any of my wares at home.
Player: lesh the seer
Wes the Blacksmith: The seer, Lesh? Strange guy.
Player: john the carpenter
Wes the Blacksmith: Now that you say it, haven't heard anything from John in days.
Player: kesar the younger
Wes the Blacksmith: Ah yes, our good king Kesar. The Younger of course. To be honest, he's not that young anymore. And not actually king, really. ...
Wes the Blacksmith: We do not actually have a king 'round here. But we give him that feeling, y'know? He's a good leader after all and keeps this lot in check.
Player: dal the huntress / hunter
Wes the Blacksmith: Dal is a wonderful woman. Hope she's alright.
Player: jehan the baker
Wes the Blacksmith: Jehan's a good baker, you should try his pastries!
Player: fral the butcher
Wes the Blacksmith: The butcher may appear a bit harsh but he's a good soul.
Player: evrard the miller
Wes the Blacksmith: Evrard will help anyone, fine lad.
Player: innkeeper alphonse
Wes the Blacksmith: Ah yes, good Alphonse. Who doesn't like the Lionheart inn!
Player: augustin
Wes the Blacksmith: A trader in special wares as far as I know.
Player: onfroi
Wes the Blacksmith: Nice fellow, I helped him build some really strange contraptions he needed for an experiment of sorts.
Player: yselda
Wes the Blacksmith: A truly beautiful name, isn't it. I wish you all the best!
Player: siege / drume / fugue
Wes the Blacksmith: If you ask me, this siege better be over sooner than later. Bounac's people are weary of this.
Player: bye
Wes the Blacksmith: Farewell!