Player: hi / hello  
Ariella: Hi there Player, and welcome to my tavern.  
Player: addon / outfit / hat  
Ariella: You mean my hat? Hmm, I might have another one just like that, but I don't fully trust you yet. Become one of us by solving all missions entrusted to you, and we will see.  
Player: cake  
Ariella: Sorry, but I'm all out of stock.  
Player: Carlin  
Ariella: Carlin is too far away to be of any concern for us.  
Player: Charlotta  
Ariella: Can you imagine that she was already old when I was a little girl?  
Player: Chondur  
Ariella: He is a strange fellow, but given his profession, he's probably supposed to behave in a strange way.  
Player: cult  
Ariella: Chondur looks out that our little community does not get associated with that cult.  
Player: excalibug  
Ariella: If you ever stumble upon that weapon, I know some persons that are interested in buying it for a decent price.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Ariella: The regulars often tell stories about this evil mage. Some claim to have heard his laughter in the howling of a storm.  
Player: governor  
Ariella: The governor is just a Venorean puppet.  
Player: Isolde  
Ariella: A paladin that rarely leaves the bastion.  
Player: job  
Ariella: I run this tavern. If you know anything about sailors, you will know what an essential job that is <wink>.  
Player: king  
Ariella: I wish that fine king would walk in here some day. Boy, I'd give him a piece of my mind for sure.  
Player: liberty bay  
Ariella: Liberty Bay was once my home but I feel comfortable here too. There is nothing that I really miss.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Ariella: He and the governor are good pals. Loveless' wishes are the governor's commands.  
Player: mission  
Ariella: I have no further missions for you, sorry.  
Player: name  
Ariella: My name is Ariella, sweety.  
Player: natives  
Ariella: We feel ourselves as natives of these isles.  
Player: offer / buy / goods / sell / equipment / stuff / ware  
Ariella: I can offer you food and drinks. I also offer juice squeezers. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: pirate  
Ariella: The true pirates are those that give us a bad name. They operate from a place called the Howling Grotto as far as I know. I have no clue where that might be though.  
Player: plantation  
Ariella: Did you know that they harvest the sugar canes with fire?  
Player: quara  
Ariella: The fishmen are terrifying. They are the nightmare that lurks in the depths of the sea.  
Player: rum  
Ariella: Rum is a sailor's lifeblood.  
Player: Striker  
Ariella: Ray is our leader. He neither was elected nor asked for this position. He's just the best captain we have and he is very smart.  
Player: sugar  
Ariella: Rum is made of sugar.  
Player: task  
Ariella: I can't think of any task for you right now.  
Player: thais  
Ariella: For all what I have heard of my regulars, it is a loud and crowded town.  
Player: trade  
Ariella: Of course, take a look at my tasty offers.  
Player: Tristan  
Ariella: A young knight from Thais who defeated some of our best men in combat.  
Player: venore  
Ariella: They say that Venore is responsible for many bad things that have happened to Liberty Bay. We made them pay for what they did to us and we'll continue to do so until these moneybags give up and retreat.  
Player: voodoo  
Ariella: No talks about magic and that stuff in my tavern!  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Ariella: The others say he's quite competent and makes life hard for us and our ships.  
Player: tavern  
Ariella: I can offer you food and drinks. I also offer juice squeezers. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: food  
Ariella: Are you looking for food? I have cheese, ham, and meat as well as a variety of fruits. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: drinks  
Ariella: Well, we usually drink rum here, but right now we're running dry. However, I sell juice squeezers to make fruit juice. If you're interested, ask me for a trade.  
Player: fruits  
Ariella: I have bananas, apples, oranges, strawberries, melons, pumpkins, blueberries, mangoes and pears, sweety. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Ariella: Good bye.  
