Player: hi / hello  
Marina: Oh, hello Player. A visitor, how nice!  
Player: visitor  
Marina: I am a creature of stunning beauty and intellect. I really hate people who think I am dumb just because I am beautiful. I even have read at least two books!  
Player: job  
Marina: Me? A job?? I am pretty!!  
Player: beautiful  
Marina: Well, pretty does not describe my incredible beauty even remotely.  
Player: beauty  
Marina: My beauty is an obligation to grace the world and people with my presence of course.  
Player: calassa  
Marina: You don't know Calassa? You don't know what you're missing.  
Player: comb  
Marina: Sorry, I don't have a spare comb. I lost my favourite one when diving around in Calassa.  
Player: djinn  
Marina: <giggles> Oh my, you know what they say about djinns and the size of their sabres? Everything of it is true!  
Player: date  
Marina: Now that I am dating a true djinn the other mermaids will turn green in envy.  
Player: honeycomb  
Marina: Yummy. Honey is sweet, just like me. Sometimes wasps or bears carry stolen honeycombs with them. Unfortunately both of them are so aggressive.  
Player: people  
Marina: Humans are funny and entertaining. Once in a while at least. They are always so possessive and can't understand that my beauty is an obligation.  
Player: obligation  
Marina: My beauty is an obligation to grace the world and people with my presence of course.  
Player: cult  
Marina: Why would anyone waste his time to worship some anonymous powers if they could worship ME and my beauty?  
Player: eleonore  
Marina: She is some fat human maid who lives on one of the isles here. For some stupid reason, she has the foolish illusion that she'd be pretty.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Marina: Uhm, that one has probably no sense for beauty at all.  
Player: governor  
Marina: He is a rather old and wrinkled guy. I have nothing to do with such beings. Phew!  
Player: king  
Marina: Hmmm a king. I guess a king could be quite entertaining.  
Player: liberty bay  
Marina: Humans are funny and entertaining. Once in a while at least. They are always so possessive and can't understand that my beauty is an obligation.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Marina: I vaguely remember that name. Probably one of my admirers. On the other hand, who isn't an admirer of my beauty.  
Player: magic currents  
Marina: Are you suggesting that my beauty is not magic and enchanting enough? I don't care for magic currents. I care only for the tides of the sea.  
Player: mermaid  
Marina: I am a creature of stunning beauty and intellect. I really hate people who think I am dumb just because I am beautiful. I even have read at least two books!  
Player: pirate  
Marina: Pirates are so romantic. Doing all kinds of silly and dangerous things just to impress a woman of beauty.  
Player: pretty  
Marina: Well, pretty does not describe my incredible beauty even remotely.  
Player: quara  
Marina: Those frog faced idiots think they rule the seas. I mean, give me a break, what do they think who they are? Mermaids?  
Player: silk  
Marina: Spider silk? I used to make yarn from spider silk when I was young - I mean, even younger than I am now, of course!  
Player: spider  
Marina: Eek! Where??  
Player: Striker  
Marina: Phew, who cares about him if you can date a true exotic DJINN!  
Player: thais  
Marina: A faraway city full of stinking humans. Who cares? I don't, you know.  
Player: turtle  
Marina: As a reward for your efforts, I allow you to ride my sea turtles. They usually love to cross over to the Laguna Islands. Have fun!  
Player: venore  
Marina: Some trader from Venore thought he could buy my affection with presents. Although he was on the right path, the gifts he tried to make were rather lousy if you consider how old and ugly he was.  
Player: voodoo  
Marina: I have no need for such nonsense.  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Marina: Some old soldier from the human settlement. Tried to impress me with some boring war stories. As if there were anything more important than fashion, hairstyles and beauty. Imagine!  
Player: yarn  
Marina: Okay... a deal is a deal, would you like me to create a spool of yarn from 10 pieces of spider silk?  
Player: yes  
Marina: Well, if you want something, you should at least bring the required amount of ingredients.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Marina: Bye for now, Player.  
