Player: hi / hello  
Morgan: Hello there, Player. What can I do for you?  
Player: addon / outfit  
Morgan: I can forge the finest weapons for knights and warriors. They may wear them proudly and visible to everyone.  
Player: Carlin  
Morgan: Carlin secretly trades with us now and then.  
Player: Charlotta  
Morgan: I remember her from Liberty Bay. She is knowledgeable about herbs and diseases.  
Player: Chondur  
Morgan: Well, Chondur is a good man for sure, but these things he is dealing with just give me shivers.  
Player: crude iron / royal steel  
Morgan: A skilled smith could probably refine it.  
Player: cult  
Morgan: I heard rumours about a cult in Liberty Bay. Perhaps another form of resistance, who knows?  
Player: excalibug  
Morgan: Excalibug must be some formidable weapon indeed. If it really exists, I envy its smith for his skills.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Morgan: That was some evil sorcerer in the past.  
Player: firebird  
Morgan: Hmm. Seems you picked something up which wasn't meant for your ears.  
Player: governor  
Morgan: Some say it does not matter who is in charge, but to the people, who came here to live their lives in freedom, it matters a lot.  
Player: Isolde  
Morgan: Some noble woman that is one of the leaders of the Thaian contingent.  
Player: job / do for you  
Morgan: I am glad to serve the community as a humble smith.  
Player: smith  
Morgan: I can forge the finest weapons for knights and warriors. They may wear them proudly and visible to everyone.  
Player: iron ore  
Morgan: I guess you could probably find that in mines.  
Player: king  
Morgan: The king is far away. How could he care about us at all? Indeed, why did he bother about our isles in the first place? Couldn't he not just have left us alone?  
Player: liberty bay  
Morgan: I miss the city and the people now and then, but fate has other things in mind with me right now.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Morgan: I can say for sure that he is no friend of us. I don't mind if our raids hurt him in particular.  
Player: mission  
Morgan: Thank you for delivering my letter to Eremo. I have no more missions for you.  
Player: name  
Morgan: My name is Morgan.  
Player: natives  
Morgan: The mercenaries they brought here to occupy the city started to call us like that. We don't care about it anymore.  
Player: pirate  
Morgan: The tides of fate made us pirates. If we ever succeed in liberating our homes, we will be remembered as heroes.  
Player: plantation  
Morgan: It is horrible that our people have to work like slaves.  
Player: quara  
Morgan: The quara are evil. That's all one needs to know about that disgusting race.  
Player: rum  
Morgan: I don't drink when I work. On evenings, that's another matter of course.  
Player: Striker  
Morgan: For all his youth, he is a fine leader and daring captain.  
Player: sugar  
Morgan: It is harvested in incredible numbers from the plantations.  
Player: thank  
Morgan: My pleasure.  
Player: thais  
Morgan: I have never been in Thais so I can't tell anything about it.  
Player: Tristan  
Morgan: A young warrior in service of Thais.  
Player: venore  
Morgan: Many here see Venore as the source of our misery. I don't know enough about politics to have an opinion about it.  
Player: voodoo  
Morgan: I think it is better to switch the topic.  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Morgan: Most of the boys and girls here consider him an worthy enemy, but I doubt he sees us as a combatant.  
Player: weapon / forge  
Morgan: What would you like me to forge for you? A knight's sword or a warrior's sword?  
Player: knight  
Morgan: Simply bring me 100 iron ore and one crude iron and I will happily forge it for you.  
Player: weapon / forge  
Morgan: What would you like me to forge for you? A knight's sword or a warrior's sword?  
Player: warrior  
Morgan: Simply bring me 100 iron ore and one royal steel and I will happily forge it for you.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Morgan: Good bye, Player.  
