Day 236

Finally! Something! I found a strange wall somewhere under Ab'Dendriel. I had to "borrow" some equipment, a pick, some tools, a rope - I am sure the elves won't mind. And now I am here! Here to dig up my first real treasure, maybe even more! My very own discovery of a tomb or even a lost palace! No - an archeological breakthrough (let's just say that not all of the gold and riches could be recovered), I will document everything I find in this diary!

Day 237

Well, I started digging. It's a tedious task, not to speak of the dirt, dust, mud and all kinds of roots in your face while you barely scrape the surface on what feels like granite. Nothing interesting so far, but such a discovery is not to be made in a day's work.

Day 238

Still digging. It, well, still looks like a huge wall. I actually uncovered a lot of it but there seems to be no entrance. Anyway, I got to continue.

Day 239

Digging. Not a single trace of any door or even a window. Maybe home of some obscure cult of darkness? Maybe creatures of the night? A hideout for ghouls? Maybe I am working not hard enough. Hm, there seems to be a strange spot there at the wall, I can see it clearly from here. I shall try to push or pull it right away! Fame and riches, here I come!

Day 241, 242?

Turns out I was hit by some stone while pulling a brick out of the wall that was in fact not even part of the wall. Seems I was out for a day... or two? I'm actually quite hungry and there is still no sign of any entrance. Maybe one more day of work, I am sure I can dig up... SOMETHING.

Day 243 (probably)

There is a small drift coming out of the wall, around the middle section of the large chunk I uncovered. Maybe someone actually bricked the whole entrance up to hinder something from entering - or getting out? I am exhausted and hungry and I have no interest in that whole treasure hunting archeology business. I can't even concentrate anymore. Where did I put my pick again? I hope I don't forget to take my diary with me. Anyway, I'm out of here.