Creatures of Marapur

Parder

The parder is a wild cat inhabiting the jungle-covered isles of Marapur. Its fur is of a dark ochreous ground-color, obliterated by a dark-brown blotted pattern on legs and flanks. A dark stripe also runs from the head across the neck and back. Parders are good climbers, but due to the omnipresence of water they have also developed into good swimmers and like to catch fish. For the nagas, the medium-sized predatory cats hardly pose a threat. They do, however, prey on humanoid bipeds.

Moa

Moas are large birds with striking, colorful plumage that live on the jungle-covered island of Marapur. Because of their strong legs, with which they can move quickly on land, one might think that moas are incapable of flight. In fact, however, they are good flyers and prefer to build their nests in the high mountainous areas of the island. Moas are herbivores and feed mainly on buds, leaves and the fruits of jungle plants. Unusual for birds of this size, many moas have a preference for shiny or glittering objects. If they spot these and can snatch them without major risk, the birds will often steal such items and hide them in their nests. Moa eggs are of an intense red colour, which is why the shells are popularly used by the nagas of Marapur for jewelery and decorations. Both, grind eggs and meat.

Two-Headed Turtle

The two-headed turtle has its name for a rather obvious reason: it has two heads. As unusual as this is, the animal is otherwise a common, albeit very large, reptile. It is aquatic and lives mainly in the large reefs around and beneath Marapur. Although it feeds mainly on plants and fish, it can become aggressive and dangerous if you intrude on its territory. The territorial animals do not appreciate visitors. Naga mythology tells, why these turtles have two heads: In the conflict between asuri and naga, they would not choose one side. While the nagas offered wisdom to the turtles, the asuri offered them food. Indecisive and hesitant, the animals turned their heads back and forth between the two parties so often that they ended up with two heads - and neither food nor wisdom.

Makara

Makara are quite unusual amphibious creatures native to the waters of Marapur. They look like a cross between a hippopotamus and a seahorse, but are clearly comparable to the former in size. In earlier times, the makara were often domesticated by the nagas to serve as pack and working animals. However, when the nagas discovered that the giant beavers native to Marapur were easier to tame and less costly to care for and feed, they turned away from domesticating makara. So nowadays, most makara can be found living in the wild. However, they rarely come to the surface, mostly they stay under water, often in already sunken naga ruins.

Foam Stalker

Foam stalkers are elemental water creatures. On Marapur they emerge from the spray of waterfalls cascading down from the mountains. Since they cannot survive on land for long, they quickly retreat below sea level after their emergence and thus populate the reef caves beneath and around Marapur. Because of their elemental bodies, it is often difficult to distinguish them from the water around them. As they roam the reefs, they often  coral branches, flotsam, pearls or small fish with their swirling bodies. These objects can then be seen swirling around in their watery shapes.