Player: hi
Alternative Rock: Hello there! Are you really here to help us, friend? Need the latest news on what's going on on this island?
Player: name
Alternative Rock: We are the Rock Boys. I'm Alternative. And I guess so are you man. So are you.
Player: job
Alternative Rock: I ain't no working man, nope. You need some work? Go to Old Rock Boy over there.
Player: mission / quest
Alternative Rock: No, no man. No missions here, sorry man. You can help me a bit, though. And you can talk to Old Rock Boy over there.
Player: qjell / gods / coral / pits / heart / deeplings / gem
Alternative Rock: Yeah well, I guess you better ask Old Rock Boy about that.
Player: rock
Alternative Rock: Yeah we're the Boys. The Rock Boys. Me, Steady, that strange oracle guy and Old Rock Boy. And there are more of us. Some won't say a thing, though.
Player: first
Alternative Rock: Oh that guy? I think, well, he was quite busy all the time. Yes, a busy kinda guy. Didn't talk to him much, no.
Player: soul nets
Alternative Rock: The bad spirits are coming down to the creatures of the deep to curse their spawn. Not that I am very fond of those Deepling things - but CURSED Deepling things? No thanks. ...
Alternative Rock: It is possible to catch a demon before it materialises. If you use one of these nets to capture an evil spirit, you will be able to prevent that the Deepling spawn is being cursed.
Player: help
Alternative Rock: Yeah yeah, you can help me actually. You know, I feel some bad vibes coming out of the earth, recently. I think there's something wrong with the creatures of the deep. Care to join me?
Player: no
Alternative Rock: Your opinion man.
Player: news
Alternative Rock: God-king Qjell seems to be pleased, the floodgates to the Drowned Library have opened. However, a passage to reach the outer rim of the caves has still to be created. ...
Alternative Rock: 99 actions against the Deeplings have been taken. 200 actions are necessary to advance further into the deep.
Player: news
Rock Steady: The inner arcanum of the deep has been breached. Now nothing can stop the assault on Qjell's dark guardians. ...
Rock Steady: 60 actions against the Deeplings have been taken. This position will hold for a while.
Player: bye
Alternative Rock: Yeah yeah, no problem man.
Player: (vanish)
Alternative Rock: Wha... wait, what?