Drystan Wildweed: Annoying rascals! They will overrun these caves.
Drystan Wildweed: Something strange is going on here.
Drystan Wildweed: Irresponsible thieves! They threaten the natural balance.
Player: hi
Drystan Wildweed: Greetings. Have you eliminated the glooth bandits?
Player: yes
Drystan Wildweed: You don't seem honest. Perhaps you go out and eliminate some more.
Player: no
Drystan Wildweed: Well, I'll wait.
Player: name
Drystan Wildweed: I'm Drystan Wildweed.
Player: job
Drystan Wildweed: I'm a druid, a guardian of nature. And especially I'm the warden of these caves.
Player: time
Drystan Wildweed: It's exactly 2:28 am.
Player: glooth
Drystan Wildweed: This is a slimy substance which is produced by the glooth worms. It was a driving force for the progress in Rathleton. In the city they say that it has great potential but in my view the risks outweigh the benefit by far.
Player: risks
Drystan Wildweed: The glooth has strange and sometimes negative side effects on plants and animals. Though it seems to be of natural origin I consider it a danger. Perhaps it is not so natural in the end.
Player: statues
Drystan Wildweed: Yes, I know them. I discovered this hidden cave during one of my rambles through the tunnels. I read the strange inscriptions but I never felt the urge to comply with their requests.
Player: mutate
Drystan Wildweed: Yes, in these caves it seems to change in a strange way. There is a scientist who came here once to research this phenomenon. I guess her name is Georgia Rainbird. If you find her, she might tell you more.
Player: Hi
Drystan Wildweed: I still have trouble with those annoying thieves - despite them having significantly weakened after your recent endeavours, though.
Player: mission / thieves
Drystan Wildweed: Some utterly annoying rascals rove about in these tunnels. They are stealing glooth based weaponry and devastate the flora and fauna down here. They threaten the natural balance. Would you go and eliminate some for me?
Player: yes
Drystan Wildweed: I knew you would be willing to help nature. Weed out two hundred of them. That should bring some relief for these caves.
Player: no
Drystan Wildweed: I'm disappointed to hear that. If you change your opinion and are willing to help nature, come back to me.
Player: blessing
Drystan Wildweed: A blessing often goes along with some sort of ritual cleansing. Perhaps a vial of holy water could help you.
Player: holy water
Drystan Wildweed: You are lucky. Just this morning I consecrated some water for a healing ritual. I think I have a vial to spare.
Player: holy water
Drystan Wildweed: I'm sorry but I already gave you a vial of holy water. I need the rest for my ritual.
Player: bye
Drystan Wildweed: Farewell.