Player: hi
Albinius: Greetings, pilgrim. Welcome to the halls of hope. We are the keepers of this temple and welcome everyone willing to contribute.
Player: name
Albinius: I am Albinius, a worshipper of the Astral Shapers.
Player: job
Albinius: I find ways to unveil the secrets of the stars. Judging by this question, I doubt you follow my weekly publications concerning this research.
Player: time
Albinius: Precisely 12:43 pm.
Player: trade
Albinius: I'm sorry, I don't buy anything. My main concern right now is the bulding of this temple.
Player: tome
Albinius: If you have some old shaper tomes I would buy them.
Player: Astral Shapers
Albinius: The Shapers were an advanced civilisation, well versed in art, construction, language and exploration of our world in their time. ...
Albinius: The foundations of this temple are testament to their genius and advanced understanding of complex problems. They were master craftsmen and excelled in magic.
Player: elane
Albinius: The first paladin has visited us many time. Her insights have proven as very useful.
Player: insights
Albinius: In these dire times the gods guide their followers and chosen ones with the help of many means. Sometimes their guidance is subtle, sometimes they send visions of different kinds. Even we messengers do not directly communicate with the gods.
Player: messengers
Albinius: We were created to communicate the will of the gods to you inhabitants of the world of matter. The gods send us visions and insights which - in turn - we announce to you. ...
Albinius: Sometimes though the gods might decide to grant those visions directly to a recipient. The way how a message is delivered is of no importance. All what matters is the content of a message.
Player: created
Albinius: Some of us used to be beings like you. However, this was a long time ago and we hardly remember it. Others were created by the gods for a specific purpose. ...
Albinius: Even though some of us might look similar to you, each of us is a very specific individual with unique traits that you cannot perceive.
Player: hope
Albinius: The gods promise new hope in the fight against the fiends from beyond.
Player: variphor
Albinius: The fiend from beyond. Do not speak or think its name as it might draw its attention on you.
Player: fiends
Albinius: It is not yet time to name them. Even thinking about them may taint you. So watch your thoughts and take care because the enemy is powerful and devious.
Player: promise
Albinius: Not all is lost. The gods are rallying their forces to be prepared for the war to come. You will not fight alone. What is happening here is only the first step to prepare you.
Player: prepare
Albinius: The gods guide us through visions and dreams. They have shown us an ancient, forgotten power that will help to prepare you for the things to come.
Player: forgotten
Albinius: Do you want a short summary or do you want to hear everything we know so far?
Player: know
Albinius: The ancient race of the Astral Shapers were highly talented in charging items with magical energy. They used mighty forges and charging stations to add special and useful properties to items. ...
Albinius: They were wiped out and their cities destroyed but some of their legacy survived. At certain places of power their charging stations have endured the ravages of time. ...
Albinius: Even though their knowledge was shattered, some of it still exists. The so-called Shaper records is a text collection which was written down in ancient times. ...
Albinius: It will be our duty to the gods to unearth this knowledge, find the lost forges and use them to prepare for the battles to come.
Player: summary
Albinius: The race of the Astral Shapers had a vast knowledge on how to imbue items with magical power. Although most of their art has been forgotten, the knowledge might be recovered by finding Shaper records which include small fractions of their weapons.
Player: gods
Albinius: Fear not. The gods are with us. In these days this is even recognisable by the most ignorant.
Player: zathroth
Albinius: There is no Zathroth but Uman-Zathroth. They are the unfathomable god of knowledge and magic.
Player: uman
Albinius: There is no Uman but Uman-Zathroth. They are the unfathomable god of knowledge and magic.
Player: tibiasula
Albinius: Fardos and Uman either created or awakened a new godess from her sleep: Tibiasula. She helped Fardos, Uman and Zathroth create the mighty column of Time. ...
Albinius: But then Zathroth killed Tibiasula and Fardos and Uman bonded her body to the column of Time, creating the elements: earth, water, fire and air.
Player: kirok
Albinius: Kirok was created in a attempt to separate Uman and Zathroth.
Player: banor
Albinius: Banor will recruit our forces against the fiends of beyond and you will be his vanguard!
Player: crunor
Albinius: Be it man or be it beast, nature must rise to face the coming onslaught.
Player: bastesh
Albinius: Even the sea will rise to defend the land and the land will shield the sea.
Player: blog
Albinius: May his rage strike down the enemies of creation.
Player: brog
Albinius: Brog is the son of Zathroth and Fafnar is a malovent god. He tried to conquer the realms long ago.
Player: fardos
Albinius: Fardos the Creator is one of the elder gods, together with Uman Zathroth. Fardos always was driven by the need to create and give life, overflowing with creative power.
Player: fafnar / suon
Albinius: The suns will always shine on Tibia.
Player: nornur
Albinius: Nornur is the god of fate. He is a child of Fardos and the element Air.
Player: toth
Albinius: He's the guardian of the dead. He was created by Fardos when it when he saw that Urgith wouldn't keep the dead at their rest but using them as an army of undeath. Therefore Toth is called the Warden of Souls.
Player: urgith
Albinius: Even his endless legions will not be enough to stop the threat. But they might turn the tides of battle.
Player: holy
Albinius: You may pass this portal if you have 50 incantation notes as offering. Do you have the notes with you?
Player: no
Albinius: In this case I'm sorry, you may not pass this portal.
Player: yes
Albinius: I'm sorry, you don't have enough incantation notes. Return if you can offer fifty of them.
Player: fire
Albinius: I guess Ivalisse gave you the permission to pass this portal. You may use it, in case you have the permission to explore the land beyond the Farmine outpost.
Player: ice
Albinius: You may pass this portal. If you know how to enter the Formorgar Mines, that is.
Player: holy
Albinius: You may pass this portal if you have 50 incantation notes as offering. Do you have the notes with you?
Player: earth / fire / energy / death
Albinius: You may pass this portal.
Player: temple
Albinius: The temple has been restored to its former glory, yet we strife to live and praise in the Shaper ways. Do you still need me to take some old tomatoes from you my child?
Player: yes
Albinius: Thank you very much for your contribution, child. Your first step in the ways of the Shapers has been taken.
Player: temple
Albinius: You already offered enough tomes for us to study and rebuild this temple. Thank you, my child.
Player: Astral Shaper Rune
Albinius: Do you wish to merge your rune parts into an astral shaper rune?
Player: Yes
Albinius: As you wish.
Player: astral shaper rune
Albinius: I'm sorry but you lack the needed rune parts.
Player: bye
Albinius: Farewell, my child.
Albinius: Oh... farewell, child.
