Player: hi (male)
Aruda: Oh, hello, handsome! It's a pleasure to meet you Player. Gladly I have the time to chat a bit.
Player: hi (female)
Aruda: Oh, hello Player your hair looks great! Who did it for you? Gladly I have the time to chat a bit.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Aruda: Ooooh I love Kingsday! People are so generous on this day.
Player: (any word)
Aruda: I would never have guessed that.
Player: how are you
Aruda: Thank you very much. How kind of you to care about me. I'm fine, thank you.
Player: job
Aruda: I do some work now and then. Nothing unusual, though. So I have plenty time to chat. If you are interested in any topic just ask me.
Player: name (male)
Aruda: I am a little sad, that you seem to have forgotten me, handsome. I am Aruda.
Player: aruda (male)
Aruda: Oh, I like it, how you say my name.
Player: name (female)
Aruda: I'm Aruda.
Player: aruda (female)
Aruda: Yes, that's me!
Player: news
Aruda: You should ask Oswald about news. He loves them.
Player: time
Aruda: Please don't be so rude to look for the time if you are talking to me.
Player: sell
Aruda: Sorry, I have nothing to sell.
Player: help
Aruda: I'm deeply sorry, I can't help you.
Player: thief / theft
Aruda: Oh sorry, I have to hurry, bye!
Player: chat
Aruda: I do some work now and then. Nothing unusual, though. So I have plenty time to chat. If you are interested in any topic just ask me.
Player: tibia
Aruda: I'd like to visit the beach more often, but I guess it's too dangerous.
Player: king
Aruda: The king that lives in this fascinating castle? I think he does look kind of cute in his luxurious robes, doesn't he?
Player: castle
Aruda: I love this castle! It's so beautiful.
Player: noodles
Aruda: Oh, he is sooooo cute!
Player: dogs / poodles
Aruda: I like dogs, the little ones at least. Do you like dogs, too?
Player: monster / dungeon
Aruda: UH! What a terrifying topic. Please let us speak about something more pleasant, I'm a weak and small woman after all.
Player: sewer
Aruda: What gives you the impression that I'm the kind of women you find in sewers?
Player: god
Aruda: You should ask about that in one of the temples.
Player: rumour / rumor / gossip
Aruda: I'm a little shy and so I don't hear many rumours
Player: frodo
Aruda: Oh, a girl like me shouldn't go to this place.
Player: sam (male)
Aruda: He is soooo strong! What muscles! What a body! On the other hand, compared to you he looks quite puny.
Player: sam (female)
Aruda: He is soooo strong! What muscles! What a body! Did you ask him for a date?
Player: benjamin
Aruda: He is a little simple minded but always nice and well dressed.
Player: gorn
Aruda: He should really sell some stylish gowns or something like that. We Tibians never get some clothing of the latest fashion. It's a shame.
Player: quentin
Aruda: I don't understand this lonely monks. I love company too much to become one. Hehehe!
Player: bozo
Aruda: Oh, isn't he funny? I could listen to him the whole day.
Player: oswald
Aruda: As far as I know, he's working in the castle.
Player: muriel
Aruda: Powerful sorcerers frighten me a little.
Player: elane
Aruda: I personally think it's inappropriate for a woman to become a warrior, what do you think about that?
Player: marvik
Aruda: Druids seldom visit a town. What do you know about druids?
Player: gregor
Aruda: I like brave fighters like him.
Player: eclesius
Aruda: He often passes me on the way to Frodo's.
Player: weapon
Aruda: I know only little about weapons. Can you tell me something about them, please?
Player: magic
Aruda: I believe that love is stronger than magic, don't you agree?
Player: the first dragon
Aruda: If you'd ask me - what you just did - it's only a myth.
Player: excalibug
Aruda: Oh, I am just a girl and know nothing about magic swords and such things.
Player: yenny
Aruda: Yenny? I know no Yenny, nor have I ever used that name! You must have mistaken me with someone else. (idle)
Player: partos
Aruda: I ... don't know someone named like that.
Player: spouse / girlfriend
Aruda: Well ... I have met him for a little while .. but this was nothing serious.
Player: fruit
Aruda: I remember that grapes were his favourites. He was almost addicted to them.
Player: kiss (male)
Aruda: Oh, you little devil, stop talking about that! <blush>
Player: kiss (female)
Aruda: Uhm, let's change the subject, please.
Player: bye
Aruda: Good bye, Player I really hope we'll talk again soon.
Aruda: I hope to see you soon.
