Player: (idle) (kingsday)
Baxter: Celebrate Kingsday on the roof of the castle.
Player: hi / hello  
Baxter: LONG LIVE KING TIBIANUS!
Player: hi (Kingsday)
Baxter: LONG LIVE THE KING! Our wise and generous leader allows all commoners to celebrate Kingsday in the castle. What honour!
Player: army / guard  
Baxter: Our brave army, which protects our city, consists of three battle groups.  
Player: battlegroup  
Baxter: There are the Dogs of War, the Red Guards, and the Silver Guards.  
Player: benjamin  
Baxter: He was one of the king's best generals, now he's a bit ...uhm... forgetful.  
Player: bozo  
Baxter: The royal jester. I don't think he's funny.  
Player: castle  
Baxter: His Royal Highness ordered that the castle be open for all his subjects.  
Player: chester  
Baxter: This man is paranoid, but I guess that's useful in his job.  
Player: city  
Baxter: Now that the king returned, we will clean the city from all dubious persons.  
Player: criminal  
Baxter: Too many criminals roam our streets nowadays, the Red Guards will take care of them.  
Player: dogs of war  
Baxter: They are our main army.  
Player: eclesius  
Baxter: He's harmless. But I doubt he'd be much help in the war against the orcs.  
Player: excalibug  
Baxter: Gorn and I searched for this weapon in the darkest corners of each dungeon, but we didn't find the slightest hint.  
Player: first dragon  
Baxter: My grandfather had seen it with his own eyes!  
Player: gorn  
Baxter: An old friend of mine. He was once a great warrior and adventurer. Now he's running a shop.  
Player: how are you  
Baxter: I'm healthy and vigilant.  
Player: job / our  
Baxter: I'm a proud member of the king's army. It's my duty to guard the castle. Sometimes I have to deal with less important work though.  
Player: king / leader  
Baxter: King Tibianus III is our wise and just leader!  
Player: news  
Baxter: It's rumoured that Ferumbras is planning a new attack on this town.  
Player: red guard  
Baxter: They are our special forces. Some serve as city guards, others as secret police.  
Player: sam  
Baxter: He's a fine blacksmith. Almost all of our weapons are made by him.  
Player: secret police  
Baxter: Ask a higher official about that.  
Player: sell  
Baxter: Visit Tibia's shopkeepers to buy their fine wares.  
Player: silver guard  
Baxter: The best sorcerers, paladins, knights, or druids of our forces are chosen to serve as Silver Guards. They are the king's bodyguards.  
Player: stutch / harsky  
Baxter: He's a soldier of the Silver Guards.  
Player: subject  
Baxter: We all live under the benevolent guidance of our king.  
Player: tbi  
Baxter: There is almost nothing known about that organisation.  
Player: partos  
Baxter: He was wanted for a long time and was finally caught stealing some time ago.  
Player: random word  
Baxter: What's that to do with this Partos guy?  
Player: partos  
Baxter: He was wanted for a long time and was finally caught stealing some time ago.  
Player: fruit  
Baxter: I heard he stole some fruit he's obsessed with and got incautious.  
Player: work / mission / quest  
Baxter: We've got a rat problem in the sewers. In the name of our glorious king, I'm paying 1 blinking piece of gold for every freshly killed rat you bring me. ...  
Baxter: You seem strong! Do you want to help fighting the orcs? They prepare themselves for war! We need everyone who's capable of killing greenskins! Ask me about the orc war if you are interested.  
Player: rat  
Baxter: Do you bring freshly killed rats for a bounty of 1 gold each? Ask me for a trade if you want to sell them.  
Player: orc war  
Baxter: I have already told you about your mission! Haven't you wrote down everything in your logbook? Look in there if you need to refresh your memory.  
Player: trade  
Baxter: You need one bricklayer kit for each wall you want to repair or do you want to sell me fresh rats? I also buy orc teeth.  
Player: bricklayer kit  
Baxter: You need one kit for each wall. Ask me for a trade if you need some.  
Player: fuck / idiot / ass / homophobic word / tyrant / stupid / shit / lunatic  
Baxter: Take this!  
Player: bye / farewell  
Baxter: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
