Player: (idle)
Benjamin: If you need help with letters or parcels, just ask me. I can explain everything.
Benjamin: Hey, send a letter to your friend now and then. Keep in touch, you know.
Benjamin: Welcome to the post office!
Player: hi  
Benjamin: Hello. How may I help you Player? Ask me for a trade if you want to buy something. I can also explain the mail system.  
Player: hi (kingsday)
Benjamin: Hello and have a good Kingsday, Player. Ask me for a trade if you want to buy something. I can also explain the mail system.
Player: trade  
Benjamin: Don't forget that you need to buy a label too if you want to send a parcel. Always write the name of the receiver in the first line and make sure you entered it correctly.  
Player: send
Benjamin: Drag and drop a letter or a parcel on the blue mailbox to send it. However, you need to include the name of the receiver. If the sending fails, you most likely made a mistake.
Player: receiver  
Benjamin: Well, the receiver - or addressee - is the person you want to send mail to. Always make sure to enter his or her name correctly.  
Player: mail / mailboxes / help / info / post
Benjamin: With our mail system you can send letters and parcels to other Tibians. I can either explain how letters and parcels work or sell them to you if you ask me for a trade.  
Player: letters  
Benjamin: If you want to buy a letter, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how letters work?  
Player: explain  
Benjamin: With a letter you can send a message to another Tibian's depot. If you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais, use the letter - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Write your message below that. ...  
Benjamin: Then drag your letter on one of the blue mailboxes here to send it.  
Player: depot  
Benjamin: Each major city has at least one depot. Just step in front of one of the lockers and you can store items inside. Your mail will also arrive there. It doesn't matter which depot you stored it in - you can retrieve all your items from any depot in any city!  
Player: parcels  
Benjamin: If you want to buy a parcel, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how parcels work?  
Player: label  
Benjamin: If you want to buy a label, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how labels work? 
Player: yes
Benjamin: Including a label in your parcel is important. Imagine you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais. Use the label - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Check the spelling and put it in your parcel! ...
Benjamin: Then drag your parcel on one of the blue mailboxes here to send it.
Player: name
Benjamin: My name is Benjamin.
Player: job
Benjamin: I'm working here at the post office. If you have questions about the Royal Tibia Mail System or the depots, ask me.
Player: office
Benjamin: I'm always in my office. You are welcome to visit me here at any time.
Player: time
Benjamin: Now it's 1:34 am. Maybe you want to buy a watch?
Player: join
Benjamin: Uh... oh... Uhm... Join what?
Player: thais
Benjamin: This is the town you are currently in.
Player: carlin
Benjamin: You can send letters and parcels to Carlin.
Player: army / general / ferumbras
Benjamin: TO THE ARMS! MAN THE WALLS! FERUMBRAS IS NEAR!
Player: news
Benjamin: Sorry, I don't read the letters we deliver.
Player: baxter
Benjamin: This naughty child, always stealing apples!
Player: bozo
Benjamin: He hangs around here quite often. He says that I inspire him.
Player: eclesius
Benjamin: I know him because he always forgets to write the name of the recipient on his parcels and letters. The hardest part is to find out who he actually wanted to send it to.
Player: elane
Benjamin: Oh, she lives next door.
Player: frodo
Benjamin: Frodo... Frodo... ? Uhm... isn't that the guy that brings me food at lunchtime?
Player: gorn
Benjamin: He sells equipment.
Player: gregor
Benjamin: Never heard of him.
Player: harkath
Benjamin: Oh, young Harkath will be a fine warrior some day.
Player: kevin
Benjamin: That name sounds familiar... who might that be...
Player: king
Benjamin: The king? Oops, I... can't remember his name...
Player: tibianus
Benjamin: Ah, King Tibianus, our wise ruler. He has been sick for some time, hasn't he?
Player: lugri
Benjamin: NO! NO! NO! GO AWAY!.
Player: lynda
Benjamin: She's SO pretty!
Player: marvik
Benjamin: He's always talking about healing me even though I'm fine... I believe he is a bit nuts, poor man.
Player: muriel
Benjamin: This Muriel has a lot of correspondence.
Player: quentin
Benjamin: Ooooh, nice man, visits me often... I think.
Player: quero
Benjamin: I love his music! He's my best friend and I visit him as often as I can.
Player: sam
Benjamin: Ham? No thanks, I already ate fish.
Player: sherry
Benjamin: I don't drink alcohol while I'm on duty.
Player: xodet
Benjamin: The young sorcerer is a good businessman.
Player: excalibug
Benjamin: I don't remember that someone named like that is living here.
Player: bye / farewell
Benjamin: It was a pleasure to help you, Player.
