Player: (idle)
Bozo: Come chat with ol' Bozo!
Bozo: Welcome, welcome, step closer!
Bozo: The fools' guild? Are you serious? No, of course not! Hahaha!
Bozo: Do you know the one with the dragon? Where - and then ... hahahaha! Oh no, I guess I ruined it.
Player: Hi  
Bozo: Hi there, how's it hanging, Player! What brings you here?  
Player: Job  
Bozo: I'm the royal jes ... uhm ... the royal tax-collector! Do you want to pay your taxes?  
Player: Here  
Bozo: A fitting place for a jester. I guess there are worse jobs around.  
Player: Jester  
Bozo: Wow, your stupidity would be pride and joy for every fool. You've already applied as a member. Let's rather talk about your current mission.  
Player: Name  
Bozo: My name is Bozo. But it's more than a name, it's a lifestyle for me!  
Player: Durin  
Bozo: Isn't he the author of the book 'Fun with Demons'?  
Player: King  
Bozo: Nah, no jests about His Royal Highness. 
Player: King (Kingsday)
Bozo: Kings worry about a receding heir line! Hahahaha!
Bozo: Kings sometimes found that uprisings were a.... peasant surprise.
Bozo: Royal chairs are rarely throne out! Hehehehe come on, that's funny!
Bozo: What do you call a mean Ancient Egyptian leader? Say? Say? Un-fair-oh!
Bozo: Queen Eloise was recently caught gambling. She had a royal flush! Hahahahaha!
Bozo: Queen Eloise told King Tibianus that he was a royal pain in the butt. Mwhihihihi!
Bozo: Countess Sorrow recently started to think about her count-less opportunities. Get it? Get it? Hahahah!
Bozo: The people stand up for royalty. The queen sits down for royal TEA. Ah, not one of my best ones, I admit. 
Player: Eclesius  
Bozo: Mwehehehe I like that guys humour. Although his gags and puns are most likely not intended. I wonder how he's doing, haven't seen him for a while.  
Player: Orc  
Bozo: Why do orcs have green skin? ... They ate at Frodo's!  
Player: Mino  
Bozo: What do all little minotaurs want to become when they are grown-ups? ... Cowboys, of course!  
Player: Dragon  
Bozo: Why do dragons breathe fire? ... They ate too many sorcerers in chilli sauce!  
Player: Sorcerer  
Bozo: I wanted to become a sorcerer, too, but I was overqualified!  
Player: Druid  
Bozo: I wonder if they love my water squirt flowers as much as all other plants.  
Player: Knight  
Bozo: Did you notice that old knights have their scars only on their backs?  
Player: Paladin  
Bozo: They are the king's favourites, because they know how to 'bow'.  
Player: Tibia  
Bozo: I rarely leave the castle. It's really stressful to be as popular as me.  
Player: Excalibug  
Bozo: I'm not foolish enough to believe in the existence of this weapon.  
Player: Bozo  
Bozo: That's me: Bozo, the jester!  
Player: Gorn  
Bozo: He sells spell scrolls each day at midnight, but you have to address him that very second.  
Player: Joke  
Bozo: I know some 'monstrous' jokes!
Player: Joke (Kingsday)
Bozo: I know some 'royal' jokes! Come on, ask me about the king.
Player: Muriel  
Bozo: Better don't mess with sorcerers!  
Player: Noodles  
Bozo: Hey, the little one is almost as funny as me!  
Player: Sam  
Bozo: Did you know that he sells a 'power axe of doom' now? Run and buy it, he only has got three in store.  
Player: Magic/Spells  
Bozo: I actually do know some spells! Do you want to learn how to 'reduce your load' for 200 gold?  
Player: Yes  
Bozo: Here you are, I've already reduced your load.  
Player: God  
Bozo: I better make no jokes about THIS matter.  
Player: Demon  
Bozo: Why are the experienced heroes quicker than others? ... The demons love fast food!  
Player: Bonelord  
Bozo: Why are bonelords so ugly? ... Because their mom and dad were bonelords, too!  
Player: Guild  
Bozo: Ever since the first guild was created, there is a great demand of jesters and fools to join them.  
Player: Magic / Spells  
Bozo: I actually do know some spells! Do you want to learn how to 'reduce your load' for 200 gold?  
Player: No  
Bozo: You don't know what offer you are missing!  
Player: Benjamin  
Bozo: He would make a fine jester, too.  
Player: Kiss  
Bozo: Uh, go away!  
Player: Castle  
Bozo: This castle is my home. A fitting place for a jester and all other fools. Feel welcome.  
Player: Cousin  
Bozo: He died some years ago.  
Player: Cyclops  
Bozo: How many eyes does a cyclops have? ... One for each IQ point they have!  
Player: Rat  
Bozo: Why does the rat have a wooden leg? ... Because it is a former pirate!  
Player: Sell  
Bozo: Sell? Hmm, I know a little about magic and by chance I can sell you a truly unusual weapon.  
Player: Weapon  
Bozo: Do you want to buy a 'mace of fury' for 250 gold?  
Player: Yes  
Bozo: And here it is, suits you well!  
Player: Weapon  
Bozo: Do you want to buy a 'mace of fury' for 250 gold?  
Player: No  
Bozo: You don't know what offer you are missing!  
Player: Elane  
Bozo: She's pretty but too serious for my taste.  
Player: First Dragon  
Bozo: I heard he moved to a dungeon.  
Player: Flaming pit  
Bozo: Ah, don't ask me! Usually mages and mystics know more about such stuff.  
Player: Fool  
Bozo: Wow, your stupidity would be pride and joy for every fool. You've already applied as a member. Let's rather talk about your current mission.  
Player: Ghost  
Bozo: Why do ghosts flee if wounded? ... They are so spineless!  
Player: Ghoul  
Bozo: Where do ghouls buy their robes? ... In a boooohtique!  
Player: Spider  
Bozo: Why did the spider cross the road? ... Because it ... oh you already know this one!?  
Player: Gregor  
Bozo: A man of steel with a stomach of wax. Never offer him a beer!  
Player: Lynda  
Bozo: Most men in town are mad about her but she is some kind of an iron maiden, you know?  
Player: Help  
Bozo: I'm a jester, not a doctor!  
Player: Troll  
Bozo: Why do trolls live underground? ... Because there are so many pks on the surface!  
Player: How are you?  
Bozo: Thank you, I'm fine, the gods are with me.  
Player: Hugo  
Bozo: I had a cousin named like that.  
Player: Time  
Bozo: Since you met me it is happy hour for you.  
Player: Jester outfit  
Bozo: I'm sure it suits you well.  
Player: Lady  
Bozo: Well, women don't behave necessarily in a ladylike way just because they dress like one!  
Player: Marvik  
Bozo: Humourless old guy! Once, he turned me into a frog for painting his distasteful cave in pink.  
Player: Monster  
Bozo: I know a lot of monster jokes. Just tell me a monster's name, come on.  
Player: Necromancer  
Bozo: Don't feed the necromancers.  
Player: Necromant nectar  
Bozo: Pheeew! That sounds disgusting! Are you a cook at Frodo's?  
Player: News  
Bozo: I know the newest jokes in Tibia.  
Player: Oswald  
Bozo: If you believe half the rumours he's spreading, you will get in a lot of trouble.  
Player: Poodle / Dog  
Bozo: Are we talking about Noodles?  
Player: Quentin  
Bozo: He's my baby brother. If you tell him I sent you, he will grant you an extra spell or two.  
Player: Vial  
Bozo: Since you were foolish enough to lose the vial, you are probably foolish enough to buy another one for 1000 gold?  
Player: No  
Bozo: What a shame.  
Player: Vial  
Bozo: Since you were foolish enough to lose the vial, you are probably foolish enough to buy another one for 1000 gold?  
Player: yes  
Bozo: Here you are. Feel free to lose it again.  
Player: Stephan  
Bozo: He is kind of a father figure to me. Of course he denies all kinship to me.  
Player: Steve  
Bozo: He's a smart one. I heard he hid in a foreign country when the first bugs showed up.  
Player: wallcarving  
Bozo: Oh, I saw some demon carvings in the dungeons as I hid there after a little joke on old Stutch.  
Player: demoncarving  
Bozo: Yes, they showed demons, seven actually, dancing around a sword! In something like a flaming pit.
Player: Bye / Farewell  
Bozo: Remember: A joke a day keeps the ghouls away!
