Player: hi / hello  
Frodo: Welcome to Frodo's Hut. You heard about the news?  
Player: hi Frodo / hello Frodo  
Frodo: Hello, hello, Player and welcome. You heard about the news?
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Frodo: Hello and happy Kingsday, Player! Feel free to take a seat and have something to drink. There are many free drinks available in the city, but of course you can also still buy better quality from me.
Player: alistair / cropwell  
Frodo: No idea who that is, but maybe you'll find something in the Royal Archives...  
Player: archives  
Frodo: Oh, the Royal Archives are in Rain Castle!  
Player: army  
Frodo: Hehe. Great customers.  
Player: baxter  
Frodo: He's able to drink a bottle or two.  
Player: berfasmur  
Frodo: Sorry, he spoke only very little. I know nothing more about him.  
Player: bozo  
Frodo: I am trying to hire him for an evening or two.  
Player: carlin  
Frodo: Many travellers tell funny stories about all the emancipated women in this northern town.  
Player: Donald  
Frodo: He is a little shy. In his youth he dreamed to become a druid.  
Player: dungeon / graveyard  
Frodo: Ah yes, the graveyard dungeon. All I know is this riddle: His Grave to the south, the tree above, his soul in the shade. No idea what that means, though!  
Player: elane  
Frodo: Can you believe that she actually told her guildfellows that alcohol is a bad thing?  
Player: excalibug  
Frodo: Nothing more than a tale for warriors.  
Player: ferumbras  
Frodo: Uhm, do not mention him. It may scare customers away.  
Player: first dragon  
Frodo: I think the tales about him are widely exaggerated.  
Player: food / sell / offer / ware / equipment / goods / buy / stuff  
Frodo: I can offer you bread, cheese, ham, or meat. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: galuna  
Frodo: She makes excellent arrows and bows.  
Player: general  
Frodo: Harkath Bloodblade is the royal general.  
Player: gorn  
Frodo: Many of his customers visit my Hut, too.  
Player: gregor  
Frodo: The knights have sometimes parties here after some arena fights.  
Player: harkath  
Frodo: Too disciplined to enjoy life.  
Player: hugo  
Frodo: I think some time ago a stranger from Fibula with that name stayed here for some nights.  
Player: hut  
Frodo: I hope you like it. Would you like some food?  
Player: king  
Frodo: Oh, our beloved king! Thanks to him, alcohol is so cheap.  
Player: kiss  
Frodo: Well, some years ago, I would have asked you to talk with Lynda about this matter. However, since she became a priestess, she ... changed a lot.  
Player: lugri  
Frodo: I overheard some conversations about his evilness. That's enough to hope, that I never ever meet him.  
Player: lungelen  
Frodo: A sorceress, you can find her in her guild, poring over a book - always!
Player: lynda  
Frodo: Just between you and me: What a babe! A shame that she is such a prude.  
Player: marvik  
Frodo: Marvik seldom leaves his guildhall at all.  
Player: muriel  
Frodo: Muriel has never visited this place.  
Player: name  
Frodo: Just call me Frodo.  
Player: news / rumors  
Frodo: Some travelers from Edron told about a great treasure guarded by cruel demons in the dungeons there.  
Player: one eyed stranger  
Frodo: Yes, I remember him. His name was Berfasmur.  
Player: oswald  
Frodo: I hate him. Each of his visits here ends with a bar brawl.  
Player: quentin  
Frodo: He hardly visits my humble tavern.  
Player: rain castle  
Frodo: The king's residence has been renovated lately.  
Player: riddle  
Frodo: I heard it when I was a child.  
Player: saloon / job / welcome  
Frodo: I am the owner of this saloon. I call it Frodo's Hut. I am also selling food.  
Player: sam  
Frodo: A loud neighbour, I get a lot of complaints about him.  
Player: satanic  
Frodo: Hmm, I have heard of a 'satanic influence' theory by someone called Newton or something like that... Maybe there's more in the Royal Archives.  
Player: sherry / mcronald  
Frodo: The McRonalds are a nice couple. Donald is a dear friend of mine.  
Player: special  
Frodo: That would be my tavern of course... well and perhaps the royal satin that was created especially for the king but sometimes is bought by wealthy citizens as well.  
Player: sunset homes  
Frodo: The sunset homes are a block of flats south of the harbour.  
Player: thais  
Frodo: Here in Thais is the centre of Tibia.  
Player: tibia  
Frodo: Come on! You know that our world is called Tibia.  
Player: tibianus  
Frodo: Oh, our beloved king! Thanks to him, alcohol is so cheap.  
Player: time  
Frodo: It is exactly 1:52 am.  
Player: todd  
Frodo: That fellow is filthy rich. He rented a room upstairs for months in advance and always orders the best beer and wine I serve.  
Player: trade  
Frodo: Of course, take a look at the great food I sell.  
Player: xodet  
Frodo: I don't know where he gets these potions. If I could sell them here, the hut would be crowded.  
Player: hengis wulfson  
Frodo: He is a great bard. He often graced my hut with his presence, songs, and rhymes. I wonder what happened to him lately.  
Player: killed  
Frodo: Oh, by the gods! What do you say happened to him?  
Player: killed by cyclops  
Frodo: That's horrible! I am in grief. I will never hear his songs again. I will even miss that strange rhyme he was obsessed with.  
Player: rhyme  
Frodo: He recitated it that often that I learned it by heart myself. I would recitate it, but I am not skilled in that kind of things.  
Player: recitate  
Frodo: Uhm. If you insist, but I am so awful. I will stop now and then and wait, so you can tell if I should proceed, ok?  
Player: yes  
Frodo: Well ok, but don't blame me. Chhrrr... chhrrrr,... it goes like this... chhrrr: and when the dead feast at midnight...  
Player: proceed  
Frodo: ... the ancient enemy will no longer guard the place of his unlucky heir and the living will walk the paths of the old way...  
Player: proceed  
Frodo: ... Death awaits the greedy and the brave alike and many will be mourned until the long lost treasure is unearthed.  
Player: proceed  
Frodo: That's all. He recitated it when he was in one of his melancholy moods.  
Player: Eclesius  
Frodo: Oh, that old guy! He's a good customer, that's for sure.  
Player: formula / potion  
Frodo: A formula for a potion? No... he didn't talk to me about something like that.  
Player: talk  
Frodo: Who he talked to? Hm... I'm not sure, there were a few people around. No girls or women though. Maybe just ask around for Eclesius.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: A sailor from Carlin told me that the natives of the Ice Islands pray to different gods. I think 'Chyll' is one of them or was that the name of the northern winds?? Well, doesn't matter! Primitives!  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: A sailor told me a story about female raiders. He said they can talk to the beasts that live in the wilderness of the north. ...  
Frodo: ... The wolves and bears protect them and tear their foes into pieces if they order them to. If you ask me, this is just gossip.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: A guy told me that the Carlin Trading Syndicate sent out an employee to the new market in the North to open up a new branch of their company.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: Some old people tell stories about the creation war and these islands in the North ruled by snow and ice. They say it once was a fertile region. Mighty magicians used a huge crystal of ice to store all the coldness inside.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard something about the fauna of the Ice Islands. The people tattle about birds that don't fly but swim!!! Isn't that ridiculous?!?!  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: A friend of mine, Captain Ogden Brewboiler, travelled to the forgotten northern sea. He is an ambitious sailor but still I have a bad feeling about it. I hope he's doing well.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard about one guy, that is living in the capital of the Ice Islands, who has become crazy after searching the mines there. He always mumbles things about ancient demons and the end of the world.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard something about a civil war going on in the North. It seems that there are different tribes of 'raiders' making the whole area an even rougher place than it is already.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard it through the grapevine that the people on the Ice Islands eat fish all the time. But not only usual fish, no. They eat red and green fishes! ...  
Frodo: ... The only green fish I know is the one you can buy at Permaret in Edron as a 'special offer' and that would be your last meal. Trust me!  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard about some strange creatures that appeared on one of the smaller ice islands. Reportedly they have a human torso but the lower body of a white-furred goat! Can you imagine that? ...  
Frodo: Travellers told me that they recently moved into the caverns beneath the island. There, they are growing fresh grass and even flowers! How is that possible in a frozen cave? Some kind of magic has to be involved. ...  
Frodo: I'm just not sure whether it is of the benevolent or the malicious kind.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I received a letter from a friend who works on the Ice Islands. ...  
Frodo: ... He was writing strange things about suspicious inhabitants and something about a test to become one of them. It was very hard to read the letter, I think he was drunk as hell when he wrote it.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: Some citizens from Venore settled on one of the islands in the North. I heard stories about exotic products they are gathering from their hunts.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: The people talk about a huge mountain of ice, several hundreds of metres thick located in the centre of the main Ice Island.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: The Carlin Trading Syndicate is sending expedition after expedition to the new discovered islands in the north. ...  
Frodo: ... I heard that they dig for valuable ore which was found in an old mine. I wonder why nobody of them has returned yet.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard about dozens of sea serpents terrorising the sea around the islands in the North. ...  
Frodo: ... It seems that this was the reason why nobody has discovered the Ice Islands before. Something must have happened because at a moment's notice they disappeared.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: A week ago an old drunkard mumbled something about hairy elephants!! I wonder who's telling all that weird stuff. I never met someone who was in the North and returned to the main continent.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard something about the barbarian tribes, who live on the newly discovered Ice Islands, that are called 'raiders'. The mightiest of them is headed by a shaman witch. There are rumours that she is immortal.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: Have you heard about the natives of the Ice Islands? It sounds very confusing to me. ...  
Frodo: ... I mean there are barbarians and barbarians, some are good, the others not. One call themselves 'Norsir' the others 'Raiders', but actually they are all the same.  
Player: Rumour  
Frodo: I heard that the town is mostly built out of wood. The inhabitants nearly stubbed all their forests. ...  
Frodo: ... That must be the reason why the Carlin traders are so interested in getting there. They sense gold in selling wood.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Frodo: Please come back from time to time.  
