Player: hi
Gamon: Well, hello there, Lady, Player welcome to Gamon's humble furniture shop!
Player: Hi
Gamon: Nice to meet you, Mister Player! Looking for furniture? You've come to the right place!
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Gamon: Happy Kingsday, Cavaleiro Kyon Efusa! Need to buy furniture? You've come to the right place!
Player: how are you
Gamon: Excellent! Never felt better in my life!
Player: name
Gamon: My friends call me Gamon. My fans call me the incredible Gammy!
Player: job
Gamon: I am Thais's foremost furniture salesman. Are you interested in my offers?
Player: time
Gamon: Any time's a good time to buy some furniture.
Player: news
Gamon: News? Of course there's news! There's a new furniture man in town, and he's here to stay!
Gamon: You mean my specials, don't you? (Cannot trigger this transcript)
Player: shop
Gamon: I am Thais's foremost furniture salesman. Are you interested in my offers?
Player: offers / furniture / goods / equipment
Gamon: Well, as you can see, I sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: quest
Gamon: A quest?! Who needs quests when there is interior decorating!
Player: thais
Gamon: Thais is obsessed with its past. Everybody here is so proud of their history. Bah! Thais might have a long history, but it has no idea when it comes to interior decoration.
Player: venore
Gamon: The place where it all happens. That town really rocks! Thais could learn a lot about interior decoration from Venore!
Player: tibia
Gamon: Tibia is a wonderful place full of business opportunities.
Player: king
Gamon: His Royal Highness will start to appreciate the superior quality of our stock soon enough!
Player: castle
Gamon: I've said it a thousand times! That place needs a complete refurbishing!
Player: sam
Gamon: I heard rumours he has some special offers for customers who know to ask for the correct things.
Player: benjamin
Gamon: He's incredibly slow. Just your average postman, I guess.
Player: gorn
Gamon: He sells stuff of inferior quality. Nothing compared to venores high quality goods.
Player: quentin
Gamon: That old monk has probably never left that overcrowded town here.
Player: bozo
Gamon: Bozo! Damn that clown! He keeps making fake orders. It isn't funny to deliver a wardrobe to an address that doesn't even exist, you know!
Player: elane
Gamon: She's pretty, but I am the kind of man who enjoys a long and healthy life.
Player: marvik
Gamon: Druids are obsessed with trees and the bane of any carpenter.
Player: gregor
Gamon: Those knights know how to party. And after such parties there's always need for new furniture.
Player: muriel
Gamon: The sorcerers guild could really need someone with taste to redecorate it.
Player: guild / merchants
Gamon: Now those people really talk business. There is a new era dawning.
Player: topsy / turvy / twins
Gamon: Ah, those twins. Strange people they are (*sigh*). Oh, they are great to work with, of course. Excellent quality, competetive prices! But well... (whispers) they give me the creeps!
Player: creeps
Gamon: Yes! I can never figure out which is which. And they are always watching me!
Player: watching
Gamon: Look! They are doing it again! And they are always smiling!
Player: smiling
Gamon: Yes! Smiling! How a professional sales artist such as myself is supposed to work in such an atmosphere is beyond me!
Player: artist
Gamon: Yes! Selling is a form of art! The elaborate combination of rhetoric and acting which serves to create a sublime longing for the infinite, embodied by second class furniture.
Player: quality
Gamon: Our furniture is produced by the finest carpenters on the continent using the rare wood of the Venorean marsh willow!
Player: marsh willow
Gamon: You can't get any better wood in this world. And it has got a nice smell to it, too. There is nothing nicer than a marsh willow campfire.
Player: power
Gamon: There are a few rumours about a rebellion, but that is all they are.
Player: rebellion
Gamon: Well - a few paranoid souls think that Venore wants to gain independence from Thais. Nothing more than rumours.
Player: rug
Gamon: Oh, silly me! Rugs are out of stock at the moment! But we expect a new shipment anytime. Just watch out for the next update!... Of our inventory I mean.
Player: eclesius
Gamon: Ecle- who? No... can't say I know him.
Player: the first dragon
Gamon: A thaian folklore tale.
Player: stake
Gamon: Making a stake from a chair? Are you insane??! I won't waste my chairs on you for free! You will have to pay for it, but since I consider your plan a blasphemy, it will cost 5000 gold pieces. Okay?
Player: no
Gamon: Phew. No chair-killing.
Player: yes
Gamon: Argh... my heart aches! Alright... a promise is a promise. Here - take this wooden stake, and now get lost.
Player: bye
Gamon: You'll come back. They all do.
Gamon: Lady? Lady?? Hm. How strange...
Gamon: Now where's he gone? I could have sworn...
