Player: hi  
Grof, The Guard: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
 Grof:  
Player: job  
Grof, The Guard: It's my duty to protect the city.  
Player: guard  
Grof, The Guard: I am a guard and proud of it.  
Player: news  
Grof, The Guard: I am busy. Please ask the citizens for news.  
Player: how are you  
Grof, The Guard: I am healthy and vigilant.  
Player: red guards  
Grof, The Guard: We of the red guard are the special forces.  
NPCs:  
Player: bozo  
Grof, The Guard: The royal jester.  
Player: sam / smith / weapon  
Grof, The Guard: Sam is our blacksmith. You'll find him north of the main crossroads. His shop is to the left.  
Player: harsky / stutch  
Grof, The Guard: He is a soldier in the silver guard.  
Player: king / tibianus / leader  
Grof, The Guard: Tibianus III is our beloved king! He resides in the castle in the north west of the city.  
Player: gorn / provisioner  
Grof, The Guard: Gorn is our provisioner. You'll find him north of the main crossroads. His shop is to the right.  
Player: frodo / tavern  
Grof, The Guard: Frodo runs the local tavern. You'll find it at the main crossroads to the north-west.  
Player: gregor / knight  
Grof, The Guard: The high knight of the knights' guild. It is in north-east of the town.  
Player: marvik / druid  
Grof, The Guard: Marvik is the great druid of the local guild. You'll find him by climbing up the citywalls at the east.  
Player: muriel / sorcerer  
Grof, The Guard: Muriel is the head of the local sorcerers' guild. You'll find it in the south-west of the city.  
Player: elane / paladin  
Grof, The Guard: Elane is responsible for the local paladins' guild. It's in the west of the town, directly south of the post office.  
Player: baxter  
Grof, The Guard: He is a role model for us.  
Player: benjamin / post  
Grof, The Guard: Benjamin was a brave fighter. He runs the post office in the west of the city.  
Player: eclesius  
Grof, The Guard: I only see him when he heads home in the wrong direction.  
Player: harkath / general  
Grof, The Guard: The royal general. A warrior worth Banor's blessings.  
Player: city  
Grof, The Guard: Behave while in the city or we get you! Do you want to know where to find a shop or a guild?  
Player: shop  
Grof, The Guard: There's a smith, a provisioner, and a tavern.  
Player: castle  
Grof, The Guard: The castle is at the west of the city.  
Player: guild  
Grof, The Guard: In the city you will find the guildhouses of the knights, paladins, druids, and sorcerers.  
Player: banor  
Grof, The Guard: Praise Banor! May the great warrior be with us!  
Player: army  
Grof, The Guard: Of course we guards are members of the army.  
Player: sell  
Grof, The Guard: Visit Tibia's shopkeepers to buy their fine wares.  
Player: silver guard  
Grof, The Guard: Only the best of the best serve as silver guards.  
Player: dogs of war  
Grof, The Guard: Brave warriors, indeed.  
Player: news  
Grof, The Guard: I am busy. Please ask the citizens for news.  
Player: (offensive word)  
Grof, The Guard: Take this! (burning effect, 5 turns of 10 hitpoints)
Player: Kingsday
Grof, the guard: Yes, today is Kingsday. Us guards have to keep an extra eye open.
Player: bye  
Grof, The Guard: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
