Player: hi / hello / hail / salutations  
Harkath Bloodblade: Address me with my title, commoner Player!  
Player: hail general / salutations general  
Harkath Bloodblade: Salutations, commoner Player!  
Player: hail general / salutations general (Kingsday)
Harkath Bloodblade: Salutations, commoner Player. Please excuse me, but I have a lot to do on this special day. (idle)
Player: army / guard  
Harkath Bloodblade: The army protects our city. I divided it into 3 battle groups.  
Player: banor  
Harkath Bloodblade: He is the idol of all knights and paladins.  
Player: battlegroup / battle group  
Harkath Bloodblade: There are 3 battle groups: the 'Dogs of War', the 'Red Guards', and the 'Silver Guards'.  
Player: benjamin  
Harkath Bloodblade: He was the king's general before I was promoted. Poor guy, he lost his mind in a battle against evil Ferumbras.  
Player: bozo  
Harkath Bloodblade: I hardly know him.  
Player: brog  
Harkath Bloodblade: The orcs, trolls, and cyclopes sacrificed more than one of my men to Brog, the raging one.  
Player: castle  
Harkath Bloodblade: The castle is prepared to withstand any direct attack.  
Player: chester  
Harkath Bloodblade: I don't know much about him. He's a very secretive person.  
Player: city  
Harkath Bloodblade: The rapid growth of our city makes it hard to patrol and protect it.  
Player: dogs of war  
Harkath Bloodblade: They are our main army.  
Player: eclesius  
Harkath Bloodblade: I rarely see him. Been a long time since I last met him.  
Player: elane  
Harkath Bloodblade: AH! WHAT A WOMAN!  
Player: enemies / enemy  
Harkath Bloodblade: Evil has many faces. The servants of evil cannot always be recognised as easily as Ferumbras, for instance.  
Player: excalibug  
Harkath Bloodblade: The legend says that this weapon will enable its wielder to fight the mightiest demons all by himself.  
Player: ferumbras  
Harkath Bloodblade: He is allied with evil itself! Each time we kill him, he returns to take revenge.  
Player: general  
Harkath Bloodblade: It's my duty to lead the armed forces of our beloved city into battle against our enemies.  
Player: god  
Harkath Bloodblade: I worship Banor, the first warrior!  
Player: gorn  
Harkath Bloodblade: He used to be an adventurer. He was a fine fighter but lacked the discipline to serve in our army.  
Player: how are you  
Harkath Bloodblade: I'm in perfect condition.  
Player: job / commoner  
Harkath Bloodblade: I'm the general of the king's army.  
Player: join  
Harkath Bloodblade: Join what?  
Player: join army  
Harkath Bloodblade: Sorry, we don't recruit today. Perhaps you can join later if you have fulfilled a mission for the king.  
Player: king  
Harkath Bloodblade: HAIL TO KING TIBIANUS, OUR WISE LEADER!  
Player: leader  
Harkath Bloodblade: King Tibianus III is our wise and just leader.  
Player: mission / quest  
Harkath Bloodblade: Sometimes the king calls for heroes. Keep your eyes and ears open! I also heard Baxter has some work for young adventurers.  
Player: monster  
Harkath Bloodblade: Only randomly they dare to attack the city itself.  
Player: news  
Harkath Bloodblade: No news are good news.  
Player: rebellion  
Harkath Bloodblade: Ask Chester of the TBI about that.  
Player: red guard  
Harkath Bloodblade: They are the special forces of our army. Some serve as city guards, others as secret police.  
Player: resistance  
Harkath Bloodblade: We will eliminate all resistance against law and order!  
Player: sam / weapon / armor  
Harkath Bloodblade: Sam is responsible to supply our troops with weapons and armor.  
Player: secret police  
Harkath Bloodblade: The secret police is a branch of the Red Guards, better known as TBI.  
Player: silver guard  
Harkath Bloodblade: The best sorcerers, paladins, knights, and druids of our forces are chosen to serve as Silver Guards. They are the king's bodyguards.  
Player: stutch / harsky  
Harkath Bloodblade: He's one of our best men and serves as a Silver Guard.  
Player: subject  
Harkath Bloodblade: We all live under the rule of our beloved king.  
Player: tbi  
Harkath Bloodblade: The Tibian Bureau of Investigation is something like a secret police. I don't bother much about such things, I prefer my fights eye to eye.  
Player: zathroth  
Harkath Bloodblade: Don't mention the dark one!  
Player: fuck / idiot / ass / homophobic word / shit / lunatic / tyrant / stupid  
Harkath Bloodblade: Take this!  
Player: sell  
Harkath Bloodblade: Are you suggesting that I'm bribable?  
Player: yes  
Harkath Bloodblade: Take this!  
Player: sell  
Harkath Bloodblade: Are you suggesting that I'm bribable?  
Player: no  
Harkath Bloodblade: You should be careful with your words!  
Player: bye / farewell  
Harkath Bloodblade: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
