Player: hail king / hello king / salutations king  
King Tibianus: I greet thee, my loyal subject Player.  
Player: army  
King Tibianus: Ask the soldiers about that.  
Player: benjamin  
King Tibianus: He was once my greatest general. Now he is very old and senile so we assigned him to work for the Royal Tibia Mail.  
Player: bozo  
King Tibianus: He is my royal jester and cheers me up now and then.  
Player: carlin / city north  
King Tibianus: They dare to reject my reign over the whole continent!  
Player: castle  
King Tibianus: Rain Castle is my home.  
Player: chaos  
King Tibianus: Chaos arises from selfishness.  
Player: chester  
King Tibianus: A very competent person. A little nervous but very competent.  
Player: citizen  
King Tibianus: The citizens of Tibia are my subjects. Ask the old monk Quentin if you want to learn more about them.  
Player: druid / marvik  
King Tibianus: We need druidic healing powers to fight evil.  
Player: dungeon  
King Tibianus: Dungeons are no places for kings.  
Player: eclesius  
King Tibianus: What a shame, he was a skilled mage once.  
Player: enemy / enemies  
King Tibianus: Our enemies are numerous. The evil minotaurs, Ferumbras, and the renegade city of Carlin to the north are just some of them.  
Player: eremo  
King Tibianus: It is said that he lives on a small island near Edron. Maybe the people there know more about him.  
Player: equipment  
King Tibianus: Feel free to buy it in our town's fine shops.  
Player: evil  
King Tibianus: We need all the strength we can muster to smite evil!  
Player: excalibug  
King Tibianus: It's the sword of the Kings. If you return this weapon to me I will reward you beyond your wildest dreams.  
Player: falcon  
King Tibianus: As a young prince I have heard high tales of the Order of the Falcon. It was a topic in history lessons as well. As far as I know, their significance faded after a dispute with my father King Xenom. ...  
King Tibianus: Their stronghold to the north is still largely intact and we left it alone for the most part. People tend to avoid it as the Order's disappearance was never truly solved.  
Player: ferumbras  
King Tibianus: He is a follower of the evil God Zathroth and responsible for many attacks on us. Kill him on sight!  
Player: first dragon  
King Tibianus: The dragon was ancient beyond compare. Eventually even he had to succumb to old age and flew to the dragon cemetery to die there. Or so it is told.  
Player: food  
King Tibianus: Ask the royal cook for some food.  
Player: frodo  
King Tibianus: He is the owner of Frodo's Hut and a faithful tax-payer.  
Player: god  
King Tibianus: Honour the Gods and above all pay your taxes.  
Player: gold / money / tax  
King Tibianus: To pay your taxes, visit the royal tax collector.  
Player: good  
King Tibianus: The forces of good are hard pressed in these dark times.  
Player: gorn  
King Tibianus: He was once one of Tibia's greatest fighters. Now he sells equipment.  
Player: guild  
King Tibianus: The four major guilds are the knights, the paladins, the druids, and the sorcerers.  
Player: harkath / bloodblade / general  
King Tibianus: Harkath Bloodblade is the general of our glorious army.  
Player: help  
King Tibianus: Visit Quentin the monk for help.  
Player: how are you  
King Tibianus: Thank you, I'm fine.  
Player: job / subject  
King Tibianus: I am your sovereign, King Tibianus III of Thais, and it's my duty to uphold justice and provide guidance for my subjects.  
Player: justice  
King Tibianus: I try my best to be just and fair to our citizens. The army and the TBI are a great help in fulfilling this duty.  
Player: king  
King Tibianus: I am the king, so watch what you say!  
Player: knight / gregor  
King Tibianus: The brave knights are necessary to protect the denizens of Thais.  
Player: merchant / craftsmen  
King Tibianus: Ask around about them.  
Player: minotaur  
King Tibianus: Vile monsters, but I must admit they are strong and sometimes even cunning ... in their own bestial way.  
Player: mission / quest  
King Tibianus: I will call for heroes as soon as the need arises again and then reward them appropriately.  
Player: monster  
King Tibianus: Go and hunt them! For king and country!  
Player: name  
King Tibianus: Preposterous! You must know the name of your own king!  
Player: news  
King Tibianus: The latest news is usually brought to our magnificent town by brave adventurers. They recount tales of their journeys at Frodo's tavern.  
Player: noodles / treasure  
King Tibianus: The royal poodle Noodles is my greatest treasure!  
Player: order  
King Tibianus: We need order to survive!  
Player: paladin / elane  
King Tibianus: The paladins are the great protectors of Thais.  
Player: reward  
King Tibianus: I don't see how you would deserve a reward right now.  
Player: sam  
King Tibianus: He is a skilled blacksmith and a loyal subject.  
Player: sell  
King Tibianus: Sell? Sell what? My kingdom isn't for sale!  
Player: sewer  
King Tibianus: What a disgusting topic!  
Player: shop  
King Tibianus: Visit the shops of our merchants and craftsmen.  
Player: sorcerer / muriel  
King Tibianus: The magic of the sorcerers is a powerful tool to smite our enemies.  
Player: tax collector  
King Tibianus: That tax collector is the bane of my life. He is so lazy. I bet you haven't payed any taxes at all.  
Player: tbi  
King Tibianus: This organisation is an essential tool for holding our enemies in check. Its headquarter is located in the bastion in the northwall.  
Player: thais / city  
King Tibianus: Our beloved city has some fine shops, guildhouses and a modern sewerage system.  
Player: tibia / land  
King Tibianus: Soon the whole land will be ruled by me once again!  
Player: time / hero / adventurer  
King Tibianus: It's a time for heroes!  
Player: kingsday (kingsday)
King Tibianus: There are numerous good reasons for celebrations and to please my loyal subjects with a few happy days.
Player: zathroth  
King Tibianus: Please ask a priest about the Gods.  
Player: promot  
King Tibianus: Do you want to be promoted in your vocation for 20000 gold?  
Player: yes  
King Tibianus: You have already been promoted.  
Player: outfit / addon / armor / boot / helmet / donation  
King Tibianus: In exchange for a truly generous donation, I will offer a special outfit. Do you want to make a donation?  
Player: yes  
King Tibianus: Excellent! Now, let me explain. If you donate 1.000.000.000 gold pieces, you will be entitled to wear a unique outfit. ...  
King Tibianus: You will be entitled to wear the armor for 500.000.000 gold pieces, boots for an additional 250.000.000 and the helmet for another 250.000.000 gold pieces. ...  
King Tibianus: What will it be?  
Player: yes  
King Tibianus: In that case, return to me once you made up your mind.  
Player: bye / farewell  
King Tibianus: Good bye, Player!  
