Player: hi
Lubo: Welcome to my adventurer shop, Player! What do you need? Ask me for a trade to look at my wares.
Player: name
Lubo: I am Lubo, the owner of this shop.
Player: job
Lubo: I am selling equipment for adventurers. If you need anything, let me know.
Player: time
Lubo: It is exactly (time) am/pm.
Player: offer / equipment / goods
Lubo: I sell torches, fishing rods, worms, ropes, water hoses, backpacks, apples, and maps.
Player: trade
Lubo: Of course, just browse through my offers.
Player: inn
Lubo: Frodo runs a nice inn in the near town Thais.
Player: food
Lubo: I sell the best apples in Tibia.
Player: weapon
Lubo: If you want to buy weapons, you'll have to go to a town or city.
Player: map
Lubo: Oh! I'm sorry, I sold the last one just five minutes ago.
Player: dog
Lubo: This is Ruffy my dog, please don't do him any harm.
Player: pet
Lubo: There are some strange stories about a magicians pet names. Ask Hoggle about it.
Player: finger
Lubo: Oh, you sure mean this old story about the mage Dago, who lost two fingers when he conjured a dragon.
Player: magic
Lubo: There's a lot of magic flowing in the mountain to the north.
Player: mountain
Lubo: It is said that once there lived a great magician on the top of this mountain.
Player: magician
Lubo: I don't remember his name, but it's said that his banner was the black eye.
Player: crunors cottage
Lubo: Ah yes, I remember my grandfather talking about that name. This house used to be an inn a long time ago. My family bought it from some of these flower guys.
Player: flower guys
Lubo: Oh, I mean druids of course. They sold the cottage to my family after some of them died in an accident or something like that.
Player: accident
Lubo: As far as I can remember the story, a pet escaped its stable behind the inn. It got somehow involved with powerful magic at a ritual and was transformed in some way.
Player: stable
Lubo: Sorry, speak louder, I can't hear you.
Player: stable (quest)
Lubo: My grandpa told me, in the old days there were some behind this cottage. Nothing big though, just small ones, for chicken or rabbits.
Player: hat
Lubo: My hat? Hanna made this one for me.
Player: outfit
Lubo: Sorry, the backpack I wear is not for sale. It's handmade from rare minotaur leather.
Player: outfit
Lubo: Sorry, but I can only make one backpack per person, else I'd have to close my shop and open a leather manufactory.
Player: backpack
Lubo: Well, if you really like this backpack, I could make one for you, but minotaur leather is hard to come by these days. Are you willing to put some work into this?
Player: no
Lubo: Sorry, but I don't run a welfare office, you know... no pain, no gain.
Player: bye
Lubo: Good bye, Player.
Lubo: Good bye.
