Player: Hi
Lynda: Welcome in the name of the gods, pilgrim Player!
Player: how are you
Lynda: Thank you, I'm fine, and humble in the knowledge that the Gods are with me.
Player: Name
Lynda: My name is Lynda. And the spirits tell me that you are Player.
Player: Job / pilgrim
Lynda: I am a priest of the great pantheon.
Player: priest
Lynda: Well, as a priest I can tell you everything about blessings. I can also carry out a marriage ceremony to bind your and your beloved's soul together.
Player: Time
Lynda: Now, it is 0:00 am.
Player: news
Lynda: Sorry, I have had no enlightening visions lately.
Player: sell
Lynda: The grace of the Gods must be earned, and can not bought!
Player: heal
Lynda: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: tibia
Lynda: The world of Tibia is the creation of the Gods.
Player: king
Lynda: King Tibianus is our benevolent sovereign.
Player: citizen
Lynda: The things I know about our citizens are confidential.
Player: fight / slay
Lynda: It is MY mission to teach, it is YOUR mission to fight!
Player: life
Lynda: Life is a gift of the Gods. Therefore, you should honour life and don't destroy it.
Player: monsters
Lynda: They are creatures of the Gods of Evil!
Player: mission
Lynda: It is my mission to spread knowledge about the Gods.
Player: ritual
Lynda: I don't wish to be rude, but I am terribly busy right now, Player. All these premium believers demand my attention, and they have priority. I'm sorry!
Player: Ritual
Lynda: Please let me focus for a while, Player.
Player: Ritual
Lynda: I'm glad to tell you that I have finished the ritual, player. Here is your new wand. I hope you carry it proudly for everyone to see.
Player: ritual
Lynda: Sorry, but I can't make another blessed wand for you.
Player: ice cream
Lynda: Ice cream?? What ... ice cream you are talking about?
Player: venorean ice cream
Lynda: Are you saying you have ... some Venorean ice cream for me?!
Player: no
Lynda: To get a girl's hopes up like that and then to smash them is just cruel.
Player: yes
Lynda: Oh, that is marvellous. Thank you very much. You know, I just LOVE ice cream! Of course it can't be compared to the love to the gods ...
Lynda: To truly love is pure happiness of heart and soul. <She tells you much about pure love and devotion. You learn a lot for life.>
Player: angelina
Lynda: Thank the Gods she is now in safety.
Player: lugri
Lynda: He is a follower of evil. The Gods will punish him in due course.
Player: eclesius
Lynda: May the Gods protect him. And others around him. It's not easy living the way he does. Nor is it safe.
Player: the first dragon
Lynda: I heard he moved to a dungeon.
Player: ferumbras
Lynda: He is a favourite of the Gods of Evil and one of their Champions. He will have his come uppance one day.
Player: excalibug
Lynda: This fabled weapon was lost in ancient times. The person who finds it will be all but invincible.
Player: magic sulphur
Lynda: Magic Sulphur can be extracted from magical weapons. Mystic powers are needed to do so though, so only mystical creatures can extract it.
Player: soul stone
Lynda: I fear that only a few soul stones are in existance in Tibia. I heard of a mighty Necromancer using one for his dark rituals, but he is seldom seen.
Player: ankh
Lynda: It is a holy talisman.
Player: sins
Lynda: Do you wish to confess your sins?
Player: no
Lynda: As you wish.
Player: yes
Lynda: So tell me what shadows your soul, my child.
Player: (anything)
Lynda: Meditate on that and pray for your soul.
Player: gods
Lynda: The Gods of Good guard us and guide us and value life, the Gods of evil want to destroy us and steal our souls!
Player: Good
Lynda: The Gods we call Good are Fardos, Uman, the Elements, Suon, Crunor, Nornur, Bastesh, Kirok, Toth, and Banor.
Player: Fardos
Lynda: Fardos is the Creator, the Great Obsever. He is our caretaker.
Player: Uman
Lynda: Uman is the positive aspect of magic. He brings us the secrets of the arcane arts.
Player: Elements
Lynda: Once, all elements were one. But when Tibiasula was murdered by Zathroth, fire, water, air and earth were birthed.
Player: Suon
Lynda: Suon is the Life Bringing Sun. He observes the creation with love and blesses us with warmth and growth.
Player: Crunor
Lynda: Crunor, the Great Tree, is the father of all plant life. His branches provide shade and his sturdiness provides wisdom. He is an important God for many druids.
Player: Nornur
Lynda: Nornur is the mysterious God of Fate. Who knows if he is its creator or just a chronist?
Player: Bastesh
Lynda: Bastesh, the deep one, is the Goddess of the sea and its creatures.
Player: Kirok
Lynda: Kirok, the Mad One, is the god of scientists and jesters.
Player: Toth
Lynda: Toth, the Lord of Death, is the keeper of the souls, the guardian of the afterlife.
Player: Banor
Lynda: Banor, the Heavenly Warrior, is the patron of those who combat evil. He is the gift of the Gods who inspires humanity.
Player: tibiasula
Lynda: Tibiasula lost her life, but out of her essence the world was created.go
Player: tibia
Lynda: Tibia is the essence of the elemental power of earth
Player: sula
Lynda: Sula is the essence of the elemental power of water.
Player: air
Lynda: Air is one of the primal elemental forces, sometimes worshipped by tribal shamans.
Player: fire
Lynda: Fire is one of the primal elemental forces, sometimes worshipped by tribal shamans.
Player: donation / gold / money
Lynda: Do you wish to make a donation?
Player: no
Lynda: As you wish.
Player: yes
Lynda: May the Gods bless you!
Player: Kingsday
Lynda: I don't care about worldly celebrations.
Player: bye
Lynda: Good bye, Player May the Gods watch over you, my child!
Lynda: May the Gods be with you!
