Player: Hi
Marvik: Welcome to my cave, Player. How may I help you?
Player: hi (druid)
Marvik: Nice to see you, Player! I guess you are looking for new spells.
Player: Name
Marvik: I am Marvik. Probably you heard from me.
Player: Marvik
Marvik: Marvik is my name, so what?
Player: Job
Marvik: I am the chief druid. I am responsible for all members.
Player: Time
Marvik: Eh, I haven't seen daylight for a long time. So, don't ask me, what time it is.
Player: news
Marvik: Why are you so concerned with news if you haven't even understood the old things you know?
Player: King / Tibianus
Marvik: Kings come and go.
Player: Army / general
Marvik: I don't care about armies.
Player: Magic / Power
Marvik: Everyone who joins the Druids has the opportunity to learn many magic spells.
Player: Druid
Marvik: I am a druid. Druids concentrate their magic on defence, healing, and nature.
Player: Sorcerers
Marvik: Sorcerers are very aggressive. They use their power for fighting and killing.
Player: Spells
Marvik: Sorry, I only sell spells to druids.
Player: Members
Marvik: Our members use their magic power to protect their life and the life of other creatures.
Player: Crunor
Marvik: Crunor, the eternal tree, is more than nature. Even more as the sum of each part of nature.
Player: crunors caress
Marvik: It was a small order of druids in the past. Their followers wanted the druids to become more involved with the daily affairs of men.
Player: eclesius
Marvik: A confused magician living outside of the city walls. I never talked to him.
Player: Baxter
Marvik: I don't know him.
Player: Bozo
Marvik: I don't like his kind of humour.
Player: McRonald / sherry / donald
Marvik: The McRonalds are true believers.
Player: Elane
Marvik: Paladins are quite proud of their magic but lack the understandig of the powers they wield.
Player: Frodo
Marvik: A little more seriousity would suite him well.
Player: Gorn
Marvik: A shopkeeper.
Player: Gregor
Marvik: Warriors are the main recipients of our healing powers.
Player: Harkath Bloodblade
Marvik: I understand, he's a warrior of some kind.
Player: Lynda
Marvik: Though she focuses not only on Crunor, she is an enlightened person.
Player: Muriel
Marvik: So much power and so little philosophy ... a dangerous combination indeed.
Player: Oswald
Marvik: He saws the seeds of evil through spreading rumours.
Player: Quentin
Marvik: He is a great healer.
Player: Sam
Marvik: An armourer.
Player: Lugri
Marvik: A misguided soul who lost the path in the darkness.
Player: Excalibug
Marvik: Even in my visions, I couldn't get any enlightenment about the whereabouts of this weapon of legend.
Player: Ferumbras
Marvik: A misguided follower of evil.
Player: Kingsday
Marvik: Don't get distracted from your real tasks.
Player: Bye
Marvik: Farewell.
