Player: (Idle)
Muriel: The wisdom of spellcasting is the source of power.
Muriel: Did you hear about the missing member of the Explorer Society?
Muriel: There are rumours about a mysterious inscription underneath Thais.
Player: Hi
Muriel: Greetings, Player! Looking for wisdom and power, eh?
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Muriel: They've forced me to put up some decoration in the sorcerer's guild, can you imagine that? Bah. Distracts me from teaching spells.
Player: Name
Muriel: You may call me Muriel.
Player: Muriel
Muriel: I don't like jokes about my name!
Player: Job
Muriel: I am the second sorcerer. I am selling spellbooks and spells.
Player: Time
Muriel: Time is unimportant.
Player: News
Muriel: Our guild is working on a new spell, but I won't give away any details yet.
Player: King / Tibianus
Muriel: The king is a patron of the arcane arts.
Player: army / general
Muriel: We supply the army with some sorcerer recruits now and then.
Player: wisdom
Muriel: The wisdom of spellcasting is the source of power.
Player: ancestor
Muriel: There have been many generations of sorcerers in the past. Today, a lot of people want to join us.
Player: Sorcerer
Muriel: A sorcerer spends his lifetime studying spells to gain power.
Player: Power
Muriel: Of course, power is the most important thing in the universe.
Player: vocation
Muriel: Your vocation is your profession. There are four vocations in Tibia: Sorcerers, paladins, knights, and druids.
Player: spellbook
Muriel: In a spellbook, your spells are listed. There you can find the pronunciation of each spell. Do you want to buy one for 150 gold?
Player: no
Muriel: Hmm, maybe next time.
Player: yes
Muriel: Here you are.
Player: rune
Muriel: Each spell that starts with 'Ad' needs a rune. You have to have a blank rune with you when you cast it. You can buy runes at the magic shop.
Player: Spell
Muriel: I can teach you rune spells and instant spells. What kind of spell do you wish to learn? You can also tell me for which level you would like to learn a spell, if you prefer that. (se o player for sorcerer)
Player: Arcian
Muriel: Arcian was a childhood friend of mine. We studied the art of sorcery together but later, our ways parted ...
Muriel: Whereas I stayed here to instruct young new sorcerers, he devoted his life to his own studies ...
Muriel: Since his experiments tended to become a bit dangerous and he wanted to further explore a magic phenomenon he discovered in the Plains of Havoc anyway, he moved there and took his wife and his two assistants with him ...
Muriel: We stayed in contact for a while and he maintained a one-way teleporter to the academy. As I was missing any message from him for some time, I travelled to the plains to learn what might have happened ...
Muriel: I found the house overrun by ghouls, and no living soul. I have to assume that those ghouls have killed them and dragged everyone in their lairs. I left as soon as I could ...
Muriel: I wouldn't have wanted to see what they've done to my old friend. It's a sad story indeed.
Player: Laira
Muriel: Laira was the wife of my childhood friend Arcian. She was a warm and caring person. I hope she had not to suffer for long as ... she was killed by the undead. Sorry, I don't want to speak about that matter anymore.
Player: Porgol
Muriel: Porgol was a quite bright student, although a bit overambitious. I was surprised when he agreed to accompany my friend Arcian to the Plains of Havoc to support him in his studies ...
Muriel: I was quite sure he'd rather study at the Edron academy instead. But sometimes people surprise one in a positive way. All the more it is tragic he found his death in this assault of undead on Arcian's house.
Player: flaming pits
Muriel: These pits you refer to might be the legendary 'Pits of Inferno', also known as the 'Nightmare Pits'.
Player: Pits of Inferno / nightmare pits
Muriel: They are rumoured to be hidden somewhere in the Plains of Havoc, far to the east.
Player: Explorer Society / Inscription
Muriel: I heard that a member of the Explorer Society was in fact searching for the First Dragon. What a foolish endeavour - please excuse this comment. A romantic idea and a brave venture but seriously: the First Dragon. It is just a myth! ...
Muriel: However the explorer found an ancient inscription underneath the city of Thais. Reportedly he discovered it in the small cave where the first time ever a dragon was sighted on Tibia.
Player: Cave
Muriel: I don't know exactly where it is. Someone told me you have to pass some tunnels full of orcs, somewhere underneath the king's castle. But that might be just gossip.
Player: First Dragon
Muriel: The dragon was ancient beyond compare. Eventually even he had to succumb to old age and flew to the dragon cemetery to die there. Or so it is told.
Player: Ferumbras
Muriel: I wonder how he actually got these awesome powers.
Player: excalibug
Muriel: The enchantments on this weapon must be awesome.
Player: Bozo
Muriel: He's not a jester but a poor joke himself.
Player: Elane
Muriel: She is quite proud of her puny magic tricks.
Player: Frodo
Muriel: A bar is no place that suits a scholar like me.
Player: Gregor
Muriel: Knights! Childs with swords. Not worth of any attention.
Player: Lungelen
Muriel: She keeps the whole wisdom of our ancestors and leads our guild.
Player: Lynda
Muriel: Pretty and compentent.
Player: McRonald / sherry / ronald
Muriel: Simple farmers.
Player: baxter
Muriel: I don't know him.
Player: Quentin
Muriel: He has some minor magic powers.
Player: marvik
Muriel: Marvik and his sorcerers lack spells with real power.
Player: Sam
Muriel: A simple smith.
Player: oswald
Muriel: Only his boss keeps him from being burnt to ashes.
Player: Xodet
Muriel: He has our permission to sell mana fluids.
Player: harkath bloodblade
Muriel: He's not as dumb as the average fighter but a warrior nonetheless.
Player: lugri
Muriel: He is rumoured to possess some secrets our guild might find ... interesting.
Player: eclesius
Muriel: I don't think he's any competition. I rarely see him anyway and I don't deem his skills noteworthy.
Player: mission
Muriel: Indeed, there is something you can do for me. You must know I am researching for a new spell against the undead. ...
Muriel: To achieve that I need a desecrated bone. There is a cursed bone pit somewhere in the dungeons north of Thais where the dead never rest. ...
Muriel: Find that pit, dig for a well-preserved human skeleton and conserve a sample in a special container which you receive from me. Are you going to help me?
Player: no
Muriel: Ohh, then I need to find another adventurer who wants to earn a great reward. Bye!
Player: yes
Muriel: Great! Here is the container for the bone. Once, I used it to collect ectoplasma of ghosts, but it will work here as well. ...
Muriel: If you lose it, you can buy a new one from the explorer's society in North Port or Port Hope. Ask me about the mission when you come back.
Player: mission / bone pit
Muriel: The rotworms dug deep into the soil north of Thais. Rumours say that you can access a place of endless moaning from there. ...
Muriel: No one knows how old that common grave is but the people who died there are cursed and never come to rest.
Player: mission
Muriel: Excellent! Now I can try to put my theoretical thoughts into practice and find a cure for the symptoms of undead. Here, take this for your efforts.
Player: bye
Muriel: Farewell.
