Player: hi / hello  
Palomino: Salutations, Player! I guess you are here for the horses.  
Player: rent  
Palomino: Right now our horses are on the loose. As long as there are not enough horses chased back into the barn, there are no horses to rent.  
Player: horse / job  
Palomino: I can rent you a horse for a day or I can transport you with a coach.  
Player: donkey  
Palomino: Sorry, but the donkeys and the horses did not get along well with each other. So we sold all of the donkeys to the dwarfs.  
Player: transport  
Palomino: Right now our horses are on the loose. As long as not enough horses are chased back into the barn, the service is not running.  
Player: minotaur  
Palomino: Did you know that minotaurs ride giant bulls? It seems somewhat strange, like a human riding a cyclops.  
Player: cyclops  
Palomino: There is nothing big enough for a cyclops to ride.  
Player: orc  
Palomino: Orcs ride wolves and sometimes boars, and even spiders, as far as one can trust the rumour mill.  
Player: Dwarf  
Palomino: Most dwarfs don't like riding at all. Though I heard one of their heroes is riding a ram, they usually use horses and donkeys as beasts of burden. Given their size it is not astounding that they prefer the smaller donkeys over the horses.  
Player: Venore  
Palomino: Venore is the heart of trade and commerce. Not even Thais can rival Venore in that field.  
Player: Thais  
Palomino: The city is the centre of the known world. It is almost as if everything else is just built around it!  
Player: Carlin  
Palomino: Perhaps one day we will expand to Carlin. The women there will just love our ponies!  
Player: Elves  
Palomino: I heard the elves ride every animal that roams the woods. From wolves and bears to squirrels, the elves befriend and ride them all. Just amazing!  
Player: Goblin  
Palomino: As far as I know, the goblins ride all kinds of creepy things like lizards, centipedes, spiders and slugs. Most of those beasts can even walk on the ceilings of caverns and climb walls with ease!  
Player: King  
Palomino: If we could convince the king to use one of our coaches on his next visit to Venore, our business would get a fundamental boost!  
Player: Mounts  
Palomino: We loan mounts for a certain time. Those horses are easy to handle and loyal.  
Player: Straw  
Palomino: Be careful, the straw is highly inflammable.  
Player: Coach  
Palomino: We order our coaches from the dwarfs. They deliver high quality work that rarely breaks. Therefore we rarely have any delays. That is if there are no bandits, or monsters, or bad weather, or the horses are on the loose and such.  
Player: bye  
Palomino: Good bye!  
