Player: Hi  
Partos: Welcome to my little kingdom, Player.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Partos: And once again, I'll miss Kingsday. Well, at least I get some company here with all those drunk fools cursing the king and ending up in a cell.
Player: Army  
Partos: Bah, the king's pawns. I spit on them.  
Player: Baa'leal/Djinns/Mal'ouquah/Supplies  
Partos: I won't talk about that.  
Player: Gold/Money  
Partos: Gold got me in here. But I'd offer you some gold for keys.  
Player: Thais/City  
Partos: I love the city. I just wish I could see some other part of it now and then.  
Player: Jail/Cell  
Partos: You mean this is a JAIL? They told me it's the finest hotel in town! THAT explains the lousy room service!  
Player: Citizen  
Partos: Rich enough to spare a little, don't you agree? Well, they didn't agree.  
Player: Key  
Partos: I sort of collect them. Broken key rings, that is. You never know. If you wanna trade, you know where to find me.  
Player: Criminal  
Partos: Bah, I did nothing serious. I just had a little fun. In Ankrahmun nobody would have cared about these kind of things...  
Player: Slay  
Partos: Hey, most people I killed were even worse than me.  
Player: Noodles  
Partos: I bet one could get some fine ransom, if he dognaps this furball.  
Player: Sell  
Partos: I would like to sell you a secret, but I'm out of business for too long.  
Player: How are you?  
Partos: I am great! Free food, free room, and now and then someone coming down here to ask me silly questions. Wouldn't you love that, too?  
Player: Monster  
Partos: At least I am safe from them down here.  
Player: News  
Partos: I hardly hear any news down here.  
Player: Quentin  
Partos: By the gods, he visits us 'criminals' now and then to 'save' us. Who is going to save me from this boredom on two legs?  
Player: Trade  
Partos: I collect broken key rings. Just an old habit of mine.  
Player: Time  
Partos: Geee, someone stole my watch. Bad company down here.  
Player: Job  
Partos: Guess it! I'll give you a hint: I am not in this cell to clean it up! ...  
Partos: I wish I had never left Ankrahmun...  
Player: Ankrahmun  
Partos: Yes, I've lived in Ankrahmun for quite some time. Ahh, the good old times! ...  
Partos: Unfortunately I had to relocate. <sigh> ...  
Partos: Business reasons - you know.  
Player: Party  
Partos: Yeah! Come in and let's have a party.  
Player: King  
Partos: Yeah, a king is a man that can rob people by law, and not by night like me.  
Player: God  
Partos: The gods seldom show up down here, so don't ask me.  
Player: Name  
Partos: My name is Partos, but you can call me Party.  
Player: Eclesius  
Partos: Yeah sure, I go out with him all the time... NOT.  
Player: Bye/Farewell  
Partos: Good bye, visit me again, Player. I will be here, promised.  
