Player: Hi  
Pig: Oink.  
Player: How are you?  
Pig: Oh well. I am cursed to live in this unworthy shape but I still hope that the curse will be lifted one day.  
Player: Name  
Pig: My name is Shantalla.  
Player: Job / Me  
Pig: Once I was a beautiful princess but now I'm only an ordinary pig without much dignity!  
Player: Time  
Pig: Where do you think I'd wear a watch?  
Player: Pig  
Pig: It's just the appearance. Inside I am still the beautiful princess I used to be.  
Player: Help  
Pig: Oh please, help me to lift this curse.  
Player: Lift  
Pig: Only a kiss of the king of all kissers will break the curse.  
Player: Princess / Curse  
Pig: An evil witch has cursed me to live as a pig until the best kisser in the world gives me a kiss.  
Player: Best kisser  
Pig: You probably have the potential. If your kiss does not lift the curse, travel the world to learn more about kissing.  
Player: kissing
Pig: Learn as much about kissing as you can. I'm sure you can learn the basics in the major cities. To refine your skill you might need to travel to the countryside, explore sparsely populated areas and even face some dangers.
Player: kiss
Pig: Do you want to try to release me with a kiss?
Player: no
Pig: Oh, please rethink your decision! Just keep in mind the good you'd do and the reward of course.
Player: yes
Pig: Uh. Uhm. That was ... unskilled. Sorry, you have to learn MUCH about kissing.
Player: yes
Pig: Uhhh. Well, that was ... promising. But you are FAR from being the best kisser in the land.
Player: yes
Pig: Mhmm. Nice try. You definitely have some experience but you should improve your skill DRASTICALLY.
Player: yes
Pig: Mhmmm. Oh my, you have learnt a few tricks indeed. But it takes more to become the best kisser in the world. FAR more.
Player: yes
Pig: Mhm Uhhh. Not bad, not bad at all! But you can still improve your skill a LOT.
Player: yes
Pig: Ahhh. That was really nice. But you STILL lack the refinement of perfection.
Player: yes
Pig: Mhm. Ahh. In ... incredible ... but ... I fear there's still something to learn for you.
Player: yes
Pig: Uhh. Ahh. Mhm. By the gods, you are really and truly the best kisser in the whole land. But ... I'm afraid I have to confess something ...
Pig: There is no curse. I'm nothing than an ordinary pig that is able to speak by coincidence and loves to kiss. But your efforts shall not go unrewarded ...
Pig: Of course I can't marry you - my mother would turn on her skewer. But I can tell you the hiding-place of some ancient sword ...
Pig: Look in the basement of this farm. You should find a chest there containing the mighty Firlefanz.
Player: Kiss  
Pig: *sigh* You are truly the best kisser in the world.  
Player: Oink  
Pig: Don't kill me! I taste bad!  
Player: Bye / Farewell  
Pig: Bye.  
