Player: hi
Quentin: Welcome, adventurer Player If you are new in Tibia, ask me for help or healing.
Player: hi (Kingsday)
Quentin: I'm not all that happy with the decoration they've put up in my temple, but I guess Kingsday is Kingsday. How can I help you?
Player: name
Quentin: My name is Quentin.
Player: job
Quentin: Job? I have no job. I just live for the gods of Tibia.
Player: time
Quentin: Now, it is 10:39 am. Ask Gorn for a watch, if you need one.
Player: help / healing
Quentin: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: news
Quentin: Sorry, I know nothing new. Please ask Frodo about that topic.
Player: adventurers stone
Quentin: Keep your adventurer's stone well.
Player: stake
Quentin: You already received my line of the prayer.
Player: life
Quentin: On Tibia there are many forms of life. There are plants and people and monsters.
Player: plants
Quentin: Just walk around, you will see grass, trees, and bushes.
Player: god
Quentin: They created Tibia and all life on it.
Player: tibia
Quentin: That is where we are. The world of Tibia. Admire its beauty.
Player: king / tibianus
Quentin: Our king resides in the castle to the west.
Player: army
Quentin: I don't know much about the Tibian army. Ask general Harkath Bloodblade about that.
Player: general
Quentin: Harkath Bloodblade is his name.
Player: harkath bloodblade
Quentin: A hard man but his heart is in the right place.
Player: people
Quentin: I am a simple monk. I just know Sam, Frodo, and Gorn. They all live in the main street to the north.
Player: sam
Quentin: He is our blacksmith. He sells weapons and armour.
Player: frodo
Quentin: He is the owner of Frodo's Hut, the tavern north of this temple.
Player: gorn
Quentin: He is selling equipment. If you still have no backpack you should go and ask him for one.
Player: elane
Quentin: She is the leader of the local Paladins' guild.
Player: muriel
Quentin: Muriel is a famous sorcerer. He is the keeper of arcane secrets that are known only to few mortals.
Player: gregor
Quentin: The leader of the Knights' guild is a man of few words.
Player: marvik
Quentin: I admire the healing skills of Marvik.
Player: lynda
Quentin: She is a highly competent priest.
Player: bozo
Quentin: He is the king's jester, but he believes himself to be the king of fools.
Player: baxter
Quentin: He is the guard of the royal castle.
Player: oswald
Quentin: This man is spreading horrible rumours all the time.
Player: sherry / donald / mcronald
Quentin: The McRonalds run the local farm.
Player: eclesius
Quentin: I hope I won't become that forgetful when I'm old. But he is a good man, although I don't know him very well.
Player: lugri
Quentin: Please do not mention the fallen one.
Player: ferumbras
Quentin: Hush! Do not mention the Evil One in these walls.
Player: excalibug
Quentin: Legends tell us that that Excalibug is a gift of the gods. Banor used in his battles. They say it was passed on to one of his followers.
Player: task / quest / what to do
Quentin: First you should try to get some gold to buy better equipment.
Player: gold / money
Quentin: If you need money you should slay monsters and take their gold. Look for spiders and rats.
Player: spider
Quentin: There are spiders' nests beyond our city near Gorn's shop and at the McRonalds' farm in the east.
Player: rat
Quentin: There are sewers underneath the city. They say these sewers are brimming with rats.
Player: sewer
Quentin: You can enter the sewers thorugh a sewer grate. But watch out. There are many rats. And don't forget to bring a torch.
Player: equipment
Quentin: First you should buy a bag or backpack. That way your hands will be free to hold a weapon and a shield.
Player: fight / slay
Quentin: Take a weapon into your hand and select a target. If you are wounded you should eat some food to heal your wounds.
Player: eat / food
Quentin: If you would like to heal your wounds you should eat some food. Frodo sells excellent meals. But if you are very weak you can also come to me. I will heal you.
Player: bye
Quentin: Good bye, Player
