Player: Hi  
Robin: Ah, a visitor. Greetings Player!  
Player: hi (kingsday)
Robin: Have a good Kingsday, Player. Don't drink too much!
Player: Visitor  
Robin: I am the Chief Huntsman of Thais.  
Player: Eclesius  
Robin: I meet him often at Frodo's. He's a fine fellow, but he always tells me the same stories because he forgets that he already told them to me.  
Player: Formula  
Robin: Hum? No, he never told me anything like that.  
Player: Frodo  
Robin: Ah, I love that hut. I liked it as it was Iwan's hut, I loved it as it was Pridence's hut, and I think I will never stop to love this place.  
Player: King/Tibianus  
Robin: I am his Master of the Hunt as I was his father's Master of the Hunt.  
Player: Bozo  
Robin: Such guys don't live long. The grandfather of our king had a new jester every season.  
Player: Elane  
Robin: A master, or better mistress, of the bow. But with her big feet she just chases all game away.  
Player: Quentin  
Robin: My buddy Quentin is getting old, too. Things were different in our youth.  
Player: Muriel  
Robin: These mages still give me shivers. I remember the first time this Ferumbras guy showed his ugly face here.  
Player: Marvik  
Robin: Druids have their ways with nature, but they would rather cuddle a bear than hunt it.  
Player: Gregor  
Robin: Can you imagine this youngster handling a guild? Ah, come on.  
Player: Mcronald/sherry  
Robin: The farmers are fine fellows.  
Player: Baxter  
Robin: I hardly know him.  
Player: Oswald  
Robin: Oh, what a charming young man. He's often here asking me about my youth and the people I met in my life.  
Player: Lugri  
Robin: Can you imagine his father was such a fine guy? A shame what his son has become.  
Player: Sam  
Robin: I have not much use for heavy armor.  
Player: Lynda  
Robin: So young and so beautiful! She makes even an old man as me... um... feel a bit younger again.  
Player: Gorn  
Robin: Sells a lot of useful stuff, that guy. I remember the days when we were so poor that we could not afford anything the former owner offered.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Robin: A misguided follower of evil.  
Player: News  
Robin: News? In the woods I learn nothing of importance to the world.  
Player: Harkath bloodblade  
Robin: Another one of a few friends of my youth who's still left.  
Player: General/Army  
Robin: These kids call themselves an army... In the old times we had a REAL army, I tell ya...  
Player: Time  
Robin: Time... it's running that fast when you are as old as me.  
Player: Excalibug  
Robin: I don't like swords in general.  
Player: Job  
Robin: I am the Chief Huntsman of Thais.  
Player: Name  
Robin: I am Robin. Some call me Rob, others Woody.  
Player: Sorcerer  
Robin: These mages still give me shivers. I remember the first time this Ferumbras guy showed his ugly face here.  
Player: Druid  
Robin: Druids have their ways with nature, but they would rather cuddle a bear than hunt it.  
Player: Crunor  
Robin: Crunor gives and takes. That is his way. As long as we don't hunt more than we need, we are at balance with Crunor.  
Player: Bye  
Robin: Farewell, Player.  
