Player: Hi  
Sam: Welcome to my shop, adventurer Player! I trade with weapons and armor.  
Player: hi (kingsday)
Sam: Welcome to my shop and happy Kingsday, Player!
Player: Name  
Sam: My name is Samuel, but you can call me Sam.  
Player: Trade  
Sam: Of course, just browse through my wares.  
Player: Job / Shop  
Sam: I am the blacksmith. If you need weapons or armor - just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wares / Offer / Stuff / Weapons /Armor / Helmet / Shield / Legs / Buy / Sell / Equipment / Goods / Trousers  
Sam: My offers are weapons, armors, helmets, legs, and shields. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: King / Tibianus  
Sam: The king supports Tibia's economy a lot.  
Player: Excalibug  
Sam: It is rumoured to be a weapon beyond mortal craftsmanship.  
Player: Quentin  
Sam: He is a monk of some kind!  
Player: Eclesius  
Sam: Yes, I know that guy. He's a good customer at Frodo's. We don't really chat though.  
Player: Frodo  
Sam: I don't like crowded places like his bar.  
Player: Muriel  
Sam: Sorcerers seldom need my skills.  
Player: Lugri  
Sam: I just know some rumours that he is a follower of evil.  
Player: Baxter  
Sam: A fine warrior.  
Player: Gregor  
Sam: His guild relies heavily on my wares.  
Player: Bozo  
Sam: He is funny now and then.  
Player: Donald  
Sam: The McRonalds are the local farmers, aren't they?  
Player: Elane  
Sam: Oh, I hardly know her.  
Player: Gorn  
Sam: He can tell a tale or two about his adventures with baxter in their younger days.  
Player: Marvik  
Sam: I never visited his ... cave or whatever it's called.  
Player: Sam  
Sam: I was named after my grandfather.  
Player: Excalibug  
Sam: It is rumoured to be a weapon beyond mortal craftsmanship.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Sam: A threat for mankind! Buy weapons to be ready to face him.  
Player: Time  
Sam: It is 4:42 pm.  
Player: Backpack  
Sam: What? Are you telling me you found my old adventurer's backpack that I lost years ago??  
Player: No  
Sam: What a pity.  
Player: Backpack  
Sam: What? Are you telling me you found my old adventurer's backpack that I lost years ago??  
Player: Yes  
Sam: Is it in pristine condition? I'll throw away any items I find inside. Did you check if there's anything left in there you want to keep?  
Player: No  
Sam: Alright, I wouldn't want to take any of your personal belongings.  
Player: Sewer / Dungeon  
Sam: Below our city are the sewers and I heard about a passage to the deeper dungeons.  
Player: Addon / Outfit  
Sam: Sorry, but without the permission of Gregor I cannot help you with this matter.  
Player: Help  
Sam: I sell and buy weapons, armor, helmets, and shields. So you are able to slash the monsters.  
Player: Monster  
Sam: Yeah, these awful beasts. They live in the forests near the city and in the sewers and dungeons.  
Player: Army  
Sam: I supply the army with weapons and armor.  
Player: General / Harkath  
Sam: A warrior who is a joy for Banor.  
Player: Lynda  
Sam: Uhm! <blushes>  
Player: News  
Sam: I know nothing of interest.  
Player: Oswald  
Sam: Oswald isn't one of the most liked people in this city.  
Player: Passage  
Sam: Don't ask me. I have never been there.  
Player: Sandals  
Sam: Sandals? I don't sell those. I only wear some myself, they're in the chest beside my bed. But they're not for sale, of course!  
Player: Thank you  
Sam: You are welcome.  
Player: sell magic plate armor  
Sam: WOW! Do you really want to sell me a MAGIC plate armor?  
Player: no  
Sam: Hmmm, what a pity! I am looking for such an armor since I live in Thais.  
Player: sell magic plate armor  
Sam: WOW! Do you really want to sell me a MAGIC plate armor?  
Player: yes  
Sam: Oh, unbelievable! I would pay 6400 gold for this wonderful piece of armor. Are you still interested?  
Player: no  
Sam: Maybe my offer is too low? Unfortunately I can not pay more money, I am just a smith.  
Player: sell magic plate armor  
Sam: WOW! Do you really want to sell me a MAGIC plate armor?  
Player: yes  
Sam: Oh, unbelievable! I would pay 6400 gold for this wonderful piece of armor. Are you still interested?  
Player: yes  
Sam: Argl! You do not have one! Trying to tease me? Get lost or I call the guards!  
Player: sell magic plate armor  
Sam: WOW! Do you really want to sell me a MAGIC plate armor?  
Player: yes  
Sam: Oh, unbelievable! I would pay 6400 gold for this wonderful piece of armor. Are you still interested?  
Player: yes  
Sam: Finally it is mine! Here is your money. Can I be of any further help?  
Player: Farewell/Bye  
Sam: Good bye and come again, Player.  
