Player: hi
Suzy: Welcome to the Tibian bank, Player! What can I do for you?
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Suzy: Welcome to the Tibian bank, Cavaleiro Kyon Efusa! And happy Kingsday. May your fortune grow and prosper.
Player: time
Suzy: It is exactly 1:02 pm.
Player: job
Suzy: I work in this bank. I can change money for you and help you with your bank account.
Player: name
Suzy: I am Suzy.
Player: Eclesius
Suzy: Hum? Never heard that name.
Player: bank
Suzy: We can change money for you. You can also access your bank account or your guild account options.
Player: change
Suzy: There are three different coin types in Tibia: 100 gold coins equal 1 platinum coin, 100 platinum coins equal 1 crystal coin. So if you'd like to change 100 gold into 1 platinum, simply say 'change gold' and then '1 platinum'.
Player: change gold
Suzy: How many platinum coins would you like to get?
Player: bank account
Suzy: Every Tibian has one. The big advantage is that you can access your money in every branch of the Tibian Bank! ...
Suzy: Would you like to know more about the basic functions of your bank account, the advanced functions, or are you already bored, perhaps?
Player: basic
Suzy: You can check the balance of your bank account, deposit money or withdraw it. You can also transfer money to other characters, provided that they have a vocation and are not on Dawnport.
Player: advanced
Suzy: Your bank account will be used automatically when you want to rent a house or bid on an item on the market. Let me know if you want to know about how either one works.
Player: rent
Suzy: Renting a house has never been this easy. Simply make a bid for an auction. We will check immediately if you have enough money ...
Suzy: Please keep in mind that the sum you have used to bid will be unavailable unless somebody places a higher bid. Once you have acquired a house the rent will be charged automatically from your bank account every month.
Player: market
Suzy: If you buy an item from the market, the required gold will be deducted from your bank account automatically. On the other hand, money you earn for selling items via the market will be added to your account. It's easy!
Player: balance
Suzy: Wow, you have reached the magic number of a million gp!!! Your account balance is 1596474 gold!
Player: deposit
Suzy: Please tell me how much gold it is you would like to deposit.
Player: withdraw
Suzy: Please tell me how much gold you would like to withdraw.
Player: transfer
Suzy: Please tell me the amount of gold you would like to transfer.
Player: guild
Suzy: You can transfer money from your account to the account of a guild via player guild transfer. If you are a member of a guild, you can deposit money on its account via guild deposit. ...
Suzy: If you are leader or vice leader of a guild, you can also withdraw gold from your guild account via guild withdraw or use a guild transfer to transfer money from your guild to another guild. ...
Suzy: As a leader or vice leader of a guild you can also transfer money from your guild account to a player account via guild player transfer. ...
Suzy: Please keep in mind that we may need some time to process such requests.
Player: bye / farewell
Suzy: Good bye.
