Player: Hi  
Topsy: Hello, dear Player. How can I help you? If you need magical equipment such as runes or wands, just ask me for a trade.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Topsy: Happy Kingsday, Player! How can I help you? If you need magical equipment such as runes or wands, just ask me for a trade.
Player: Sewer  
Topsy: The Thais sewerage system is a model of modern rat breeding and for some reason is very popular with young adventurers such as yourself.  
Player: God  
Topsy: Gods - if we didn't have them, we would have invented them.  
Player: Animate dead rune  
Topsy: Sorry, but runes of this type can't be purchased here.  
Player: Runes/Buy/Offer/Sell/Stuff  
Topsy: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand  
Topsy: Wands can be wielded by sorcerers only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different wands, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: Rod  
Topsy: Rods can be wielded by druids only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different rods, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: Benjamin  
Topsy: Bless him, he stood, he fought, and then left his sanity on the battlefield.  
Player: Boss  
Topsy: I had one once. He should have bought better armor. Actually - he's upstairs.  
Player: King  
Topsy: <mutters> Here we go again ... Hail to King Tibianus! ... Don't make me do that again!  
Player: Venore  
Topsy: A marvellous city! Modern! Prosperous! Thais could learn a thing or two from Venore.  
Player: Carlin  
Topsy: I went there on holiday once. Just goes to show that women are much better at running a place than men. King Tibianus could learn a thing or two from Queen Eloise.  
Player: Gamon  
Topsy: I think he is a spy ... so I smile at him the whole day. He won't get anything out of me!  
Player: Magic  
Topsy: Magic will only protect you - a rune and some magic potions.  
Player: Power  
Topsy: There is a power struggle between Venore and Thais.  
Player: Vial/Deposit  
Topsy: Well, you could ask me for a trade to deposit your flasks, but you can also do it old style. I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Ok?  
Player: No  
Topsy: Hmm, but please keep Tibia litter free.  
Player: Spells  
Topsy: You never know when you run out of mana. All the more reason to buy some good runes or potions.  
Player: Dungeon  
Topsy: Dungeons - dank cold places if you ask me. They lead to rusty armor, severe colds and death ... on the other hand you use a lot of runes there ... so just think about the treasures you'll surely find there.  
Player: Elane  
Topsy: Some call her the preying mantis - apparently she has killed over a dozen husbands already.  
Player: Excalibug  
Topsy: If you want to find out about excalibug you should ask the more sinister characters in Thais, not a respectable woman like myself!  
Player: Quest  
Topsy: I sell magic stuff, my dear. If you want a quest, you should talk to my sister Turvy.  
Player: Fluid  
Topsy: Sorry, we removed the old life and mana fluids from our assortment. However, we offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Weapon  
Topsy: Wrong shop - go to my sister, silly!  
Player: Gamel  
Topsy: He hung around with that Partos a lot. I wouldn't be surprised if he's a thief too. He is not allowed to enter our markethall.  
Player: Partos  
Topsy: I heard he was a thief. Good thing he was caught.  
Player: Gossip/Rumour/New  
Topsy: I'm all ears.  
Player: Random word  
Topsy: Really? Tststs.  
Player: Gregor  
Topsy: Ah, Knights ... can't expect much from those guys.  
Player: Sam  
Topsy: Ah, such a sweetie. A simple man, with simple tastes and a simple mind.  
Player: Help  
Topsy: I'd love to help, but I have a business to run - I am busy busy busy!  
Player: How are you?  
Topsy: I'm just wonderful - thank you for asking.  
Player: Marvik  
Topsy: Who knows what the old man is up to in his hideout when no one is watching?  
Player: Monster  
Topsy: Better buy and charge a lot of runes before facing any monster.  
Player: Quentin  
Topsy: I can't tell much about that old monk.  
Player: Rebellion  
Topsy: There is talk of a rebellion in Venore to gain independence from the Oppressor... I mean, King - of Thais. It can only help business.  
Player: Time  
Topsy: Time waits for no one! Not even you, sweetheart, so please do hurry up.  
Player: Thank you  
Topsy: Oh, such a sweetie ... and so polite. I thought politeness was out of fashion, these days.  
Player: Eclesius  
Topsy: I heard that he left the city because he couldn't bear the shame of being rejected as courtmage. But that's just a gossip.  
Player: Job  
Topsy: I sell runes as well as spirit, health and mana potions - your best friends in any dungeon!  
Player: Name  
Topsy: My name is Topsy.  
Player: Bozo  
Topsy: He wanted to be the court jester but got upset when people laughed at him.  
Player: Lugri  
Topsy: I only heard rumours about him - isn't he a hermit somewhere in the north?  
Player: Muriel  
Topsy: You should ask this guy Oswald about him ... or other pointless rumors.  
Player: Gamon  
Topsy: I think he is a spy ... so I smile at him the whole day. He won't get anything out of me!  
Player: Gorn  
Topsy: Ah yes ... Gorn ... the used-cart salesman of scrolls.  
Player: Chester  
Topsy: I've never seen him at all. I only heard he's kind of the townsguards' chief or some such.  
Player: Bye/Farewell  
Topsy: Good bye, Player. Do come again!  
