Player: Hi  
Trimegis: <mumbles> Greetings, brother Player. Sorry, I am a bit lost in my thoughts.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Trimegis: These stupid Kingsday festivities are the worst idea I've ever seen. Especially because drunk mundanes run through MY room all the time. I prefer to hide in the execution archives.
Player: Name  
Trimegis: I am commonly known as Trimegis.  
Player: Job  
Trimegis: I am the kings new courtmage and advisor in arcane matters.  
Player: kings / Tibianus  
Trimegis: Our king frequently relies on my divinations and spells of protection.  
Player: courtmage  
Trimegis: The last courtmage was killed by Ferumbras in one of his attacks.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Trimegis: He failed in his quest for power since he ultimately forfeited greater powers for a quick but limited powerboost by enslaving himself to some dark entities.  
Player: Power  
Trimegis: Power comes to those who have the intelligence to claim it.  
Player: Spell  
Trimegis: My spells are my personal secret.  
Player: Eclesius  
Trimegis: That old fool wanted to become courtmage too. But he just doesn't cut the mustard.  
Player: Frodo  
Trimegis: A bar is fine to distract the mundanes from doing something foolish.  
Player: Gregor  
Trimegis: Limited in his vision as all knights are.  
Player: Marvik  
Trimegis: Since intelligence can't be substituted by passion, all druids are nothing but hedgemages.  
Player: Muriel  
Trimegis: He's quite good in magical theories, but lacks practice in the field.  
Player: Elane  
Trimegis: Paladins are another example that diversing one's resources between goods, mundane weapons, and magic does not make a good mixture.  
Player: Sam  
Trimegis: A man as mundane as a rock.  
Player: Quentin  
Trimegis: Mixing up magic with religion can't do any good.  
Player: Excalibug  
Trimegis: The only weapon I need is my magic.  
Player: Time  
Trimegis: Time does not matter in the end.  
Player: Nightmare pits  
Trimegis: Some dumb holes for adventurers seeking trouble.  
Player: Sorcerer  
Trimegis: Many call themselves a sorcerer, but only a few truly understand what that means.  
Player: Wisdom  
Trimegis: Wisdom is only an excuse for the lack of consequence.  
Player: Army  
Trimegis: In the long run, it would pay off to focus all resources on a magicians corps, but the king is not convinced of that. Not yet.  
Trimegis: At least one mundane who knows his proper place.  
Player: Baxter  
Trimegis: Brawns but no brain.  
Player: Rune  
Trimegis: I have no need for runes anymore. Runes are tools for beginners.  
Player: Donald  
Trimegis: I have certainly no business with such persons.  
Player: Harkath Bloodblade/General  
Trimegis: The king listens to the advice of this swordsman far too often.  
Player: Oswald  
Trimegis: A truly disgusting fellow.  
Player: Xodet  
Trimegis: He made the best he could of his limited abilities.  
Player: Lugri  
Trimegis: Another bogeyman. Who's afraid of someone who is that 'powerful' that he hides in some dirthole?  
Player: Lungelen  
Trimegis: She has the 'know how', but sadly does not really know how to use it efficiently.  
Player: news  
Trimegis: I don't care about mundane gossip.  
Player: Pits of Inferno  
Trimegis: Some dumb holes for adventurers seeking trouble.  
Player: Sherry  
Trimegis: I have certainly no business with such persons.  
Player: Stone of insight  
Trimegis: Ah well. This matter was taken out of our hands for now. The inquisition insisted to control the collection of these stones and by royal decree they were granted the exclusive right to do so. ...  
Trimegis: As a simple scientist I'm not in a position to question such decision, as hard as it might hit my researches. For now I can not trade any of the stones. You will have to wait for another opportunity.  
Player: Bye  
Trimegis: Farewell, Player.  
