Player: Hi  
Turvy: Hello, dear Player. Can I be of any assistance? Just tell me if you'd like to trade weapons or armor.  
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Turvy: Happy Kingsday, Player! Can I be of any assistance? Just tell me if you'd like to trade weapons or armor.
Player: Name  
Turvy: Some call me Turvy. Actually, everybody calls me Turvy.  
Player: Job  
Turvy: It is an absolute honour to provide weaponry and armor to the courageous adventurers of Thais, just so long as you have the gold to pay for it.  
Player: Provide/Offer/Armor/Shields/Legs/Helmets/Stuff/Trousers  
Turvy: My offers are weapons, armors, helmets, legs, and shields. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Magic  
Turvy: Magic is a thing of the past. Why bother with a colourful bit of rock and a few fancy words when you can have a foot of razor-sharp steel in your hand?!  
Player: Gamon  
Turvy: Shhh! He's a spy! He watches us all the time! Just keep smiling and he'll go away!  
Player: Eclesius  
Turvy: There's always some gossip on the street about him. I've never met him in person though. I guess he doesn't need many weapons.  
Player: Chester  
Turvy: I have never heard any rumours concerning him, isn't that odd?  
Player: Rumours/Gossip/News  
Turvy: You know a rumour? Well then - don't keep it to yourself.  
Player: Random word  
Turvy: Go on! I can't wait to hear more!  
Player: King  
Turvy: Ah, yes, yes, hail to King Tibianus! May he in his infinite wisdom reduce my taxes... and so on...  
Player: Thais  
Turvy: Thais is OK - I suppose. Not as nice as Venore, but good for business.  
Player: Venore  
Turvy: Ah... Venore - a wonderful city! Full of culture! So many friendly faces! So unlike Thais!  
Player: Carlin  
Turvy: Those women really know how to run things - look at how well the trade is going there!  
Player: Ab'dendriel  
Turvy: Aah... a beautiful leafy city. Shame about the elves.  
Player: Elves  
Turvy: Elves are good with a bow and arrow, or so I am told. Shame that they are no good at peace-making.  
Player: Time  
Turvy: It is nearly time for my afternoon nap, so please hurry!  
Player: Help  
Turvy: Help to self-help - that is my motto.  
Player: Sam  
Turvy: A simple shopkeeper, who was last in the queue when they were handing out intelligence.  
Player: God  
Turvy: The Gods of Tibia play games with the fate of Tibians - but they haven't bothered to read the instructions.  
Player: Weapons  
Turvy: The word on the street is that Sam does not forge all his weapons himself, but buys them from his cousin, who is married to a cyclops.  
Player: Sewer  
Turvy: It is very effective, but attracts almost as many wannabe heroes as it does rats.  
Player: Annoying  
Turvy: Oh gosh - I could tell you some stories. But I won't.  
Player: Ardua  
Turvy: Well - she isn't really my kind of person. Please don't mention her name again.  
Player: Spells  
Turvy: Spells - dodgy mumbo jumbo if you ask me. A sword never backfires on its user!  
Player: Assistant  
Turvy: I am not a mere assistant! I have a job of great responsibility! But mostly I keep annoying personages away from my boss.  
Player: Benjamin  
Turvy: Ah, such a shame about poor Benjamin. Lost it a bit after receiving one too many blows to the head.  
Player: Bozo  
Turvy: Bozo - such a tragic story. If only I could remember it.  
Player: Quest  
Turvy: Hmmm yes. I think Topsy might have something for you.  
Player: Power  
Turvy: There are people who talk about a rebellion against King Tibianus.  
Player: Dungeon  
Turvy: If you want to see dungeons go and insult the guards. On second thoughts - don't do that.  
Player: Dwarf  
Turvy: I don't know much about them - there are some civilised dwarves, of course, but I can never tell whether they are male or female.  
Player: Elane  
Turvy: A true tragedy - she has lost so many husbands in such unusual circumstances.  
Player: Gamel  
Turvy: Some sinister guy that is. He's not allowed to enter that markethall and that's for a good reason.  
Player: Gorn  
Turvy: He does a good line in second-rate scrolls for first-rate prices.  
Player: How are you?  
Turvy: I'm just fine and dandy, thank you for asking.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Turvy: You need to shrink before you go there - they say the dwarves aren't too keen on sharing their mountain with us Tibians.  
Player: Monster  
Turvy: There is a monster here? HERE?! Time to double the prices!  
Player: Partos  
Turvy: Some thief they caught for all I know.  
Player: Quentin  
Turvy: You can't teach an old monk new tricks. He is stubborn to the extreme and overly concerned about Thais. He should care more about his gods and less about that king.  
Player: Rebellion  
Turvy: Well, Venore is richer than Thais, and some people want to live in a democracy free from an oppressive tyrant - I mean monarch. I'm not one of them.  
Player: Thank you  
Turvy: So polite . . . bless you!  
Player: Trade  
Turvy: Of course, just browse through my wares.  
Player: Bye/Farewell  
Turvy: Good bye, Player. Do come again!  
