Player: hi  
Valentina: Hello there! If you need presents for your beloved, ask me for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Valentina: Take your time!  
Player: job  
Valentina: You're cute. Actually my job is being a mother, a grandmother and a housewife but I can also offer you some items for your beloved.  
Player: offer / buy / sell / ware / stuff / food / equipment / goods  
Valentina: I can trade you bouquets of flowers from my garden. You can also have homemade cakes in heart shape, crimson roses, sweetheart rings, valentine cards and present boxes - all you need to surprise your beloved and to show them that you care about them.  
Player: flower  
Valentina: All flowers around Greenshore have been grown by myself.  
Player: Greenshore  
Valentina: I grew up in Greenshore, I spent most of my time here and it is very likely that I will die here. Greenshore is a lovely place.  
Player: love  
Valentina: Love is the most important thing in the world and I help you to express it. Just ask me about my offers and I'll tell you what you can buy.  
Player: thais  
Valentina: It's sad to see how it changed. As a child I used to go there regularly but today I avoid going there. It's no safe place for an old woman like me.  
Player: carlin  
Valentina: Sometimes, when the air is crystal clear, you can see it from the shore.  
Player: sea / ocean  
Valentina: The ocean is part of Greenshore. The sound of the sea lapping against the shore, the salty air and the vastness when you look at the horizon <sigh> - it's so peaceful.  
Player: tibianus / king  
Valentina: He has so many followers but <whispers> I think he is doing a bad job. He should do more against the crimes happening right in front of his nose.  
Player: rumour  
Valentina: You must know, many people came here to look for an underground passage to the Isle of Solitude. The people of Greenshore believe that there is one but no one ever proved its existence.  
Player: solitude  
Valentina: It's not very far to the Isle of Solitude from here but there is simply no way. Isn't that a little bit odd?!?  
Player: monastery  
Valentina: Sometimes, the wind takes the choral singing of the monks to our coast. I alway get goosebumps when I hear it. It's so beautiful.  
Player: story  
Valentina: What should I tell you? I'm old and I've got many things to tell even if most of them apply to Greenshore and its surrounding, the ocean and its islands offshore.  
Player: heart backpack  
Valentina: I only have one left. It's a very special backpack. Do you want to buy it for 500 gold?  
Player: yes  
Valentina: Alright. Here you are!  
Player: heart backpack  
Valentina: I'm sorry. I already sold you the last one I got.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Valentina: Good bye my dear visitor.  
