Player: Hi  
Wyat: Salutations, Player! Speak quick, my time is limited.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Wyat: HAIL TO KING TIBIANUS! On Kingsday, all of us have to work hard to uphold law and order.
Player: Time/Sheriff  
Wyat: I uphold law and order. I protect Thais inhabitants ... and keep an eye on them.  
Player: Inhabitants  
Wyat: Be more specific! If you want to talk about someone I'll need a name!  
Player: Sam/Weapon/Armor  
Wyat: Sam, the Thaian smith, is a man of great diligence. Whenever in need of weapons or armor, just ask him.  
Player: Eclesius  
Wyat: An old magician that lives south of here. I sometimes see strange smoke coming from his house.  
Player: News  
Wyat: I have no news for the public.  
Player: Elane  
Wyat: A woman of great skill and courage. No one deserves the title of a Grandmaster of the Paladins more then her.  
Player: Benjamin  
Wyat: The poor fool lost his mind some years ago. It's a good thing they gave him a job in the post office.  
Player: Bozo  
Wyat: He's so funny, I could listen to his jokes for hours.  
Player: Gorn  
Wyat: He was a rowdy in his youth, but now he's a fine citizen as far as I can tell.  
Player: Army/Guard  
Wyat: I usually work with the townguards only.  
Player: Chester  
Wyat: His bureau is at the northgate.  
Player: Mission/Quest  
Wyat: Look up our 'Tibia's most wanted' lists.  
Player: Harsky/Stutch  
Wyat: A fine warrior, indeed. He is one of the king's bodyguards.  
Player: Problem  
Wyat: We will handle each problem with care.  
Player: Rebellion  
Wyat: Luckily that's nothing I have to care about.  
Player: Criminal  
Wyat: Our enemies are numerous and not all are obvious.  
Player: Castle  
Wyat: The castle should be relatively safe from criminal transgressions.  
Player: City  
Wyat: The city is not as bad as some people might claim, but we certainly have our problems here.  
Player: God  
Wyat: I am follower of Banor.  
Player: Banor  
Wyat: He is the patron of justice and bravery.  
Player: Zathroth  
Wyat: Don't mention this name!  
Player: Job  
Wyat: I am the sheriff of the Thaian territory.  
Player: King/Leader  
Wyat: HAIL TO KING TIBIANUS!  
Player: General  
Wyat: Old Bloodblade does a fine job.  
Player: Fuck/Ass/Fag/Idiot/Lunatic/Shit/Tyrant  
Wyat: Take this!  
Player: Ferumbras  
Wyat: He attacked our town at several occasions but was repelled each time.  
Player: Brog  
Wyat: The more primitive races such as orcs often worship the raging one.  
Player: Sell  
Wyat: I am in the safety business.  
Player: Enemy/Murderer  
Wyat: Our enemies are numerous and not all are obvious.  
Player: Excalibug  
Wyat: If you have any news about the whereabouts of that blade, report it to me.  
Player: How are you?  
Wyat: I am fine, thanks.  
Player: Monster  
Wyat: Thais should be relatively safe from direct assaults of monsters.  
Player: Secret police  
Wyat: All i can tell you is, that it's known as the TBI.  
Player: Subject  
Wyat: There are certain criminal objects in the population of our town.  
Player: Tbi  
Wyat: The Tibian Bureau of Investigation. If you want to know more, ask Chester Kahs about it, but I doubt you'll get any vital information.  
Player: Bye  
Wyat: LONG LIVE THE KING!  
