Player: Hi  
Xodet: Oh, please come in, Player. If you need magical equipment such as runes or wands, just ask me for a trade.
Player: Hi (Kingsday)
Xodet: Oh, please come in, Player. If you need magical equipment such as runes or wands, just ask me for a trade. Sorry, no special offers on Kingsday. Don't know why everyone keeps asking me about it.
Player: buy / stuff / sell / offer / equipment / runes / goods  
Xodet: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks. If you'd like to see all of my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: potion  
Xodet: We offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes: normal, strong, great and ultimate. Ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: rods  
Xodet: Rods can be wielded by druids only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different rods, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: wands  
Xodet: Wands can be wielded by sorcerers only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different wands, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: Name  
Xodet: I'm Xodet, the owner of this shop.  
Player: Eclesius  
Xodet: Eclesius is a good old friend of mine.  
Player: job  
Xodet: I'm a sorcerer and trade all kinds of magic items.  
Player: trade  
Xodet: Of course, just browse through my wares. Or do you want to look only at potions, wands or runes?  
Player: disintegrate rune  
Xodet: Sorry, but runes of this type can't be purchased here.  
Player: life fluid / mana fluid  
Xodet: Sorry, we removed the old life and mana fluids from our assortment. However, we offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Vial  
Xodet: Well, you could ask me for a trade to deposit your flasks, but you can also do it old style. I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Ok?  
Player: no  
Xodet: Hmm, but please keep Tibia litter free.  
Player: Sorcerer  
Xodet: There is a sorcerer guild in Thais. Just go to the south west of the town, it is easy to find.  
Player: farewell / bye  
Xodet: Good bye and come again.  
