Player: hi / hello
Simon The Beggar: Hello Player. I am a poor man. Please help me.
Player: beggar
Simon The Beggar: I have no gold and no job, so I am a beggar.
Player: dermot
Simon The Beggar: The magistrate of the village. I heard he is selling something for the Fibula Dungeon.
Player: dungeon
Simon The Beggar: I heard a lot about the Fibula Dungeon. But I never was there.
Player: Fibula
Simon The Beggar: I hate Fibula. Too many wolves are here.
Player: gold
Simon The Beggar: I need gold. I love gold. I need help.
Player: help
Simon The Beggar: I need gold. Can you spare 100 gold pieces for me?
Player: yes
Simon The Beggar: Thank you very much. Can you spare 500 more gold pieces for me? I will give you a nice hint.
Player: yes
Simon The Beggar: That's great! I have stolen something from Dermot. You can buy it for 200 gold. Do you want to buy it?
Player: yes
Simon The Beggar: Now you own the hot key.
Player: jetty
Simon The Beggar: I hate this jetty. I have never seen a ship here.
Player: job / poor
Simon The Beggar: I have no job. I am a beggar.
Player: name
Simon The Beggar: My name is Simon. I am a very poor man.
Player: ship
Simon The Beggar: There is a large sea-monster outside. I think there is no gritty captain to sail in this quarter.
Player: shovel
Simon The Beggar: Hehe, don't you have a shovel? I can sell you a shovel if you want to return to Tibia, just ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Simon The Beggar: Sure. Buy as many shovels as you like. Can't hurt to have a spare one.
Player: simon
Simon The Beggar: I am Simon. The poorest human all over the continent.
Player: tibia
Simon The Beggar: Hehe, don't you have a shovel? I can sell you a shovel if you want to return to Tibia, just ask me for a trade.
Player: timur
Simon The Beggar: I hate Timur. He is too expensive. But sometimes I find maces and hatchets. Timur is buying these items.
Player: village
Simon The Beggar: To the north is the village Fibula. A very small village.
Player: beard / outfit / addon / staff
Simon The Beggar: Umm. Why would you want such a beard and a staff? You don't look as if you'd enjoy dressing like a beggar anyway.
Player: flute
Simon The Beggar: Har, har. The stupid Dermot lost his flute. I know that some minotaurs have it in their treasure room.
Player: wolf
Simon The Beggar: Please kill them ... ALL.
Player: minotaurs
Simon The Beggar: Very rich monsters. But they are too strong for me. However, there are even stronger monsters.
Player: monster
Simon The Beggar: The strongest monster I know is the giant spider.
Player: giant spider
Simon The Beggar: I know that terrible monster. It killed the fishers on the isle to the north.
Player: treasure
Simon The Beggar: I know there are two rooms. And I know you can pass only the first door. The second door can't be opened.
Player: key
Simon The Beggar: Key? There are a lot of keys. Please change the topic.
Player: bye / farewell
Simon The Beggar: Have a nice day.
