The family line of the Antarel family was tainted with orcish blood since generations. A shameful secret hidden from the public. Though thought to have thinned out enough to no longer pose a threat, this assumption was disproven by the birth of Marik. Born with obviously orcish features he was hidden away and declared a miscarriage. While he was raised by an elderly couple in service of the baron as their own, three years later a brother, Gisbar, was born by the barons wife, who was declared the official heir. The baron, perhaps out of a feeling of guilt, chose young Marik to be raised as one of his squires. Marik proved extremely skilled in the art of battle. Growing almost disturbingly fast in size and strength, with 14 years he could go toe to toe with the best of the barons knights. Yet due to his heritage knighthood remained beyond his grasp. After the baron died by a riding accident when Marik was 17 years old, he became the squire of his younger brother, without either of them knowing about their relationship. Albeit Marik was known for his fits of rage and shunned by others for his brutish looks, the two became good friends and were nigh inseparable. While Marik fell in love to the fair maid Marisha it was his brother who would court and marry her in the end. When Gisbar officially became the baron, he ignored the traditions and knighted his friend and squire. This didn't suit the other knights and nobles well and what has been hidden mockery in the past became open provocation of Marik. The hot headed Marik duelled three of the nobles, maiming them badly, until baron Gisbar had to order him to stop this behaviour. Not much later though, the anger over insults overwhelmed Marik again, and this time he slew his opponent without any declaration of a duel. Gisbar had to judge over this case and in an effort to save his friend and former squire, he settled to banish Marik from the realm. Marik lived a while as a mercenary in foreign lands, always longing for the place he once called home. When he learned that his 'father' was in his death bed and Gisbar and Marisha were expecting their first child, he decided to return home in disguise. His dying father confessed to Marik the circumstances of his birth and heritage. Marik was devastated on many levels. Without any idea how to react or what to do, he attended the feast for the barons new-born in disguise. Wine and beer were served freely and like everyone else in the feast ccc became drunk. When the jesters and musicians entertained the crowd, one particular ugly and disfigured jester caught the attention of the equally drunk Marisha. She pointed at the poor creature and yelled that he almost looked as ugly as that oaf Marik. The whole drunken crowd joined her in laughter. This was when Marik drew his weapon. With fury and madness he slaughtered not only his brother and his wife but the whole entourage. With the help of his mercenary comrades he held the barony for a few months, even petitioning the king with his plight. In the end though an army was sent to bring him to justice. Before they arrived, ccc took his own life and the mercenaries took him with them to give him a proper burial.