The captured vampires were quite young, only a few nights old. They were of no value concerning information about their secret society.
Nonetheless two of them were given to the torturers.
As expected nothing useful could be learned, even though the vampiric regeneration could once again be observed.
Given the need for information on how to torture the creatures effectively, should a more valuable specimen fall into our hands, several new techniques were tried out. Most proved to be unsuccessful. Eventually both probands died at intended points of the experiment.
The other four were subjected to a series of experiments in order to learn more about the nature of the beasts.
As expected sunlight had an effect on the creatures though not as severe and effective as one might wish.
The vampires showed an incredible fear and aversion to it. Sure enough the tested specimens began to show an actual reaction to the sunlight. Sadly the reaction started off quite slow and later than expected. It took about half a minute before the vampires' skin turned reddish and began to peal off. Another half a minute later their bodies began to smoke, parts of the skin turning to ash. The process continued for another minute before they completely turned to dust.
One specimen was lost in that experiment. The others were salvaged in different states of sunburn and began to regenerate.
As with other tests it could be observed that the vampires have the ability of regeneration but not of regrowth.
The regeneration of those worst wounded took significantly longer than that of the lesser wounded. Adding blood improves the regeneration process considerably.
It is to be assumed that human blood would have had additional effects.
The worst burnt vampire took two weeks to regenerate, needing a considerable amount of blood.
The vampiric body proved highly resistant to cuts and slashes inflicted by magic weapons. Silver lowered that resistance considerably.
Fire and acid proved to be quite effective, contrary to this all administered poisons did not have any discernible effect.
Stakes made of various materials were tested. While some merely immobilized the creatures, blessed stakes eventually turned them into dust.
Their strengths and senses were also evaluated. Even the young vampires were extremely strong, matching the strength of three or four grown men.
They were all able to see in the dark. At least half of them seemed to have increased hearing capabilities. None of them, neither well fed nor under the threat of death could turn into a bat or a wolf.
In conclusion we can assume that the traditional means at our disposal are sufficient to eliminate any vampires we might encounter. To ensure that they will not rise again, the use of a blessed stake is mandatory.
We have to assume that the abilities and reactions of older vampires differ, either being increased or reduced.