Enemies of the True Faith
First of all there are the heretics. Those are probably the most dangerous enemies because you hardly notice them. They undermine our society and the belief in the gods by their actions and their words. Some of them are crazy enough to think that they are true believers themselves. Their words erode the fundamentals of faith. They must be eliminated from our society. 
As practitioners of dark and forbidden arts, witches are dangerous enemies as well. They must be avoided by all virtuous people that swore faithfulness to the gods. Witches are godless beings that even sacrifice evil creatures to get hold of their dark magic.
Then there are the damned, the undead. There are two types of them - ghosts and the walking dead. Both are insults to the teachings of the gods, and both were denied eternal peace, surely for a good reason. They try to kill all living beings. They must be destroyed on sight.
The worst enemies are demons. They are malicious creatures of immense power that plot the downfall of mankind. With all our power and might we have to oppose these servants of the dark one.
All of these enemies pose a threat on their own. We have to be aware of all their evil intrigues to be able to protect our souls. Only a devout and brave heart can triumph over their dark temptations. Those who fail and stumble, even only once, are at risk to become heretics themselves. Therefore we must not only watch ourselves but also our brethren and sisters to see if they might have fallen and turned into enemies. 
The best weapons to fight evil are bravery and faith. They are not only the best available arms but also the prerequisite to fight evil at all. Brave followers of the true faith might of course arm themselves with additional weapons. A vial of holy water often works wonders when it comes to clean desecrated places and to drive out unholy entities. Often, a believer needs nothing than a holy symbol combined with his unwavering faith to ward off some of the less powerful evil beings.
The holy ground of temples dedicated to the good gods is a safe haven for everyone as it cannot be entered by the servants of evil. Certain holy relics in the possession of these temples are able to harm or even to defeat the mightiest servants of darkness.
We are all sinners and we should neither be proud of our faith nor be smug about it as pride and vanity are the first steps to heresy. We should be aware of our failures and plead for forgiveness every day.