Player: Hi / Hello  
The Dream Master: Be greeted, visitor.  
Player: Abandon / Nightmare Knights  
The Dream Master: Although the Nightmare Knights are still remembered by the people for their valorous fight against demons and the undead hordes they were more of a spiritual order rather than a fighting one.  
Player: Brotherhood  
The Dream Master: The Brotherhood embraces hate and selfishness and pursues the illusion of power. They think only the fittest may survive. But they don't see that we are not individuals but a community ...  
The Dream Master: The best fighter may be ill-suited to tend the wounds of those in need and even the most helpless person can make somebody else smile or love them, thus enriching their lives ...  
The Dream Master: The Brotherhood thinks they are free because they only pursue their own goals without morals or remorse, but they don't see they have become slaves to their greed and lost everything of importance on their way.  
Player: Community  
The Dream Master: The community gives us hold and strength. And we give the community hold and strength in return. We don't live alone and as a community we are one ...  
The Dream Master: By caring for others we care for ourself. Not only because we might need others, too, one day but also because helping others without expecting a reward cleanses our soul from greed and selfishness ...  
The Dream Master: These are the poisons that turn our better selves into something less, something small, ugly and self-centred.  
Player: Demonic Essence  
The Dream Master: Do you bring me some demonic essence as proof of your achievements?  
Player: Dreams  
The Dream Master: You must neither overestimate the importance of dreams nor underestimate it. Dreams can be your guide. If you are are skilled in the art of dreaming they might even give you a glimpse of things to come ...  
The Dream Master: Yet remember that it is ultimately in your hands to decide what to do. The dreams are but a hint.  
Player: Failures  
The Dream Master: When our dreams tell us about the possible future they are never bright. This is why we refer to ourselves as the Nightmare Knights ...  
The Dream Master: If someone whose faith is not enough strong to overcome such seemingly overwhelming evil, he may succumb to despair or even worse might become convinced that evil is the superior force ...  
The Dream Master: A few of our members have choosen to abandon our teachings, including some we considered our most noble and wise members. Ironically, they have failed even worse on the dark side which they supposed to be so superior.  
Player: Ferumbras  
The Dream Master: He is the enemy of all living things. He lost all humanity long ago, and that which is left is nothing but burning hatred for everyone and everything ...  
The Dream Master: Although he can be defeated, he will only truly die when he recognises the mockery his life has turned into.  
Player: Goshnar  
The Dream Master: Goshnar is a tragic figure. While he was one of us he tried to fight evil in such a desperate way that he never managed not live up to his own expectations ...  
The Dream Master: While trying to understand his enemy, to make out their strengthes and weaknesses he became more and more like them ...  
The Dream Master: In the end he switched sides and took the robe of the necromancer king. His quick ascension in the ranks of the Brotherhood of Bones was unheard of. He appeared to have an aura of power and invincibility ...  
The Dream Master: But though he united most of the Brotherhood under his banner and allied himself with demons he ultimately failed. ...  
The Dream Master: His failure was a typical lesson of the ultimate failure of evil. His spirit was already broken when he joined the ranks of the evil hordes ...  
The Dream Master: He succumbed to the seemingly easy way as did his allies. They lived in the hell they had created on their own ...  
The Dream Master: Surrounded by treacherous allies, always fearing betrayal, always in need to prove themselves, never being able to show any weakness without someone trying to seize upon that opportunity ...  
The Dream Master: A Nightmare Knight would hold his ground in a battle against impossible odds just to cover the retreat of his friends ...  
The Dream Master: A member of the Brotherhood does try to run if the tide of battle seems to turn against him, since he can safely assume that the others will run too and those who run last will be those who suffer most ...  
The Dream Master: This is why they ultimately failed. Their failure did not save our own order though.  
Player: Necromancy  
The Dream Master: Necromancy is like a disease that spreads through your soul. By studying the dark art you learn to perceive life and death in a different unhealthy way. Both become tools you use as it pleases you ...  
The Dream Master: You lose your respect for life and death alike. In the end you have abandoned all that is worth living for. You will end off in a dark, decaying world of your own making ...  
The Dream Master: You will have minions and masters, but no friends. You will know power and submission, but no fulfilment.  
Player: Order / Join  
The Dream Master: The Nightmare Knights are almost extinct now, and as far as I know I am the only teacher that is left. But you might be right and its time to accept new disciples ...  
The Dream Master: After all you have passed the Dream Challenge to reach this place, which used to be the process of initiation in the past ...  
The Dream Master: So I ask you: do you wish to become a member of the ancient order of the Nightmare Knights, Player?  
Player: Pits of Inferno  
The Dream Master: We managed to seal and contain the evil power of this place for at least a while. It was obvious that we could not stop these forces forever ...  
The Dream Master: But then, we had to do our best for as long as we could. And so we did. Those who perished have given their best in the interest of all living beings.  
Player: Power  
The Dream Master: There is no power. Nowhere ever. There is only responsibility. To think about responsibility as power is already the first step into the wrong direction.  
Player: Ruthless Seven  
The Dream Master: They are mighty individuals that survived for aeons in the merciless society of demons. This alone is proof enough of how dangerous they are ...  
The Dream Master: I believe they attained their status by mimicking a tool of their enemies: their own flawed version of a community. By forming an alliance they gained strength ...  
The Dream Master: It put an example other demons followed with more or less success ...  
The Dream Master: But they cannot truly understand the concept of helping each other, so in the long run their alliance is doomed to fail. They will end up devouring each other, for they cannot stand the thought that others may wield power, too ...  
The Dream Master: But then, we are mere mortals and this day might be far away. So we will have to deal with them either way. ...  
The Dream Master: Still it is possible that one of them can be attacked without the six others interfering on his behalf, since this, after all, is the way of demonkind.  
Player: Soul Orb  
The Dream Master: Soul orbs are the demons' substitute for true souls. They are powerful magic devices. It is said there are cyclopses who know how to forge weapons from soul orbs. I also buy them, so if you want to get rid of them, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Spiritual  
The Dream Master: A strong spirit is what constitutes a true warrior. Armed with a firm belief in his philosophy, he wins a battle by using his mind rather than his body, which is only a lesser tool ...  
The Dream Master: In the end your body is all but a crumbling shell that you leave behind. Our familiarity with dreams makes it much easier to understand this concept since in the world of dreams your body follows the will of the mind ...  
The Dream Master: The conscious mind shapes the matter of the dreams. Only those who can prove themselves in their dreams posses the strength of mind that is necessary to become one of us ...  
The Dream Master: Still a strong mind does not necessarily grant strong morals as our failures in the past have shown.  
Player: Trade  
The Dream Master: I buy the soul orbs you don't need for yourself.  
Player: Undead  
The Dream Master: It is humanity and community that ultimately defines us. The undead know nothing of either. They are stripped of everything but their selfishness and call upon themselves one of the worst curses of all, the curse of loneliness.  
Player: Visitor  
The Dream Master: Although the Nightmare Knights are still remembered by the people for their valorous fight against demons and the undead hordes they were more of a spiritual order rather than a fighting one.  
Player: Bye / Farewell  
The Dream Master: Good bye. May the gods watch over your path.  
