Gnomerrow: Hm, pink burst arrows might be a breakthrough.
Gnomerrow: Outch! This one is quite pointy and sharp.
Player: hi
Gnomerrow: Nice to see you. So what is it that you need? Are you interested in my stuff?
Player: name
Gnomerrow: I'm called Gnomerrow. A name you should remember!
Player: job
Gnomerrow: I am the gnome that sells bows, crossbows, and ammunition. I thought it would be obvious.
Player: stuff / offer
Gnomerrow: I offer bows, crossbows and ammunition. If you are interested then let us trade.
Player: trade
Gnomerrow: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: ammunition
Gnomerrow: I sell arrows for bows and bolts for crossbows. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: crossbows
Gnomerrow: I don't buy used crossbows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.
Player: bows
Gnomerrow: I don't buy used bows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.
Player: spears
Gnomerrow: Yes, I sell spears. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: gnome
Gnomerrow: We gnomes are quite specialized and we hope by opening up towards outsiders we add some more diversity.
Player: dwarf
Gnomerrow: Dwarfs have been our allies for quite a while now.
Player: crystal
Gnomerrow: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: mushrooms
Gnomerrow: It's a common misconception that mushrooms are the only source of gnomish food. We gnomes also grow several other plants and mosses for that purpose.
Player: thais
Gnomerrow: From all what I hear it seems to be a pretty rough place.
Player: surface
Gnomerrow: For all I heard it has to be a place of incredible poverty! They say peole there are so poor, that they even are often out of doors!
Player: sky
Gnomerrow: The sky is a somewhat frightening concept to us gnomes.
Player: those below
Gnomerrow: Those cowards have never shown their faces in all those years of war.
Player: global warming
Gnomejam: Those below are heating up the earth. Probably to burn everything but themselves.
Player: bye
Gnomerrow: Good bye.
