Player: hi  
Alberto: Hello, brave fighter! What can I do for you? Do you want information, to exchange something or to simply talk?  
Player: information  
Alberto: I will hand out arena badges depending on your results in the PvE arena. You can keep them or exchange them for potions - with a chance to win a special surprise cube, just to spice things up a bit.  
Player: arena badges  
Alberto: If you finish all 10 waves of an arena battle, you'll obtain a fixed amount of arena badges. The exact amount depends on the selected difficulty level. ...  
Alberto: I can check the total amount and offer you potions in exchange for them. Do you want me to hand out your arena badges now?  
Player: surprise cube  
Alberto: As a special service for our most valued customers, we hand out a surprise cube! By using it, you have a chance of getting nice little goodies.  
Player: talk  
Alberto: Well, I guess you'd like to know what I'm doing here.  
Player: level  
Alberto: There are 5 difficulty levels when fighting against waves of monsters in the arena. Each difficulty level grants you a certain amount of arena badges which I will hand out to you. ...  
Alberto: Level 1 grants one badge, level 2 grants two, level 3 grants three, level 4 grants four and level 5 grants five arena badges.  
Player: exchange  
Alberto: It's quite easy. I give you arena badges for each completed arena battle. Surviving 10 waves against monsters in the arena will grant you a fixed amount of badges depending on the difficulty level. ...  
Alberto: You can keep the arena badges or exchange them for each kind of health, mana and spirit potions. I'll charge 1 arena badge for the amount of 100 mana or health potions. ...  
Alberto: 100 strong potions of either mana or health will be charged with 2, 100 great health potions with 4 and 100 great mana potions with 3, 100 ultimate potions of either type with 7 and 100 supreme potions with 10 arena badges. ....  
Alberto: You can also select 100 great spirit potions for 4 and 100 ultimate spirit potions for 8 arena badges. ...  
Alberto: Would you like to exchange for health, mana or spirit potions now?  
Player: job / doing  
Alberto: I specialised in trading potions in exchange for arena badges. Actually my whole family earns their living this way, you can meet my brothers and sisters by visiting the other arenas. ...  
Alberto: Maybe you'll even get to know my whole family someday!  
Player: name  
Alberto:  My name is Alberto, pleased to meet you!  
Player: bye  
Alberto: Take care and come back soon!  
