NPC: Brodrosch  
Player: hi / hiho / hello  
Brodrosch: Welcome, Player! May Earth protect you, even whilst sailing! Need a passage or a ticket for the ore wagon system here?  
Player: ab'dendriel / carlin venore / thais / darama / darashia / folda / vega / senja / ice islands / liberty bay / port hope / svargrond / yalahar  
Brodrosch: This is a steamship that travels only subterraneously. No way to get on that risky ocean.  
Player: beer  
Brodrosch: Sometimes being drunk means seeing two rivers. I survive by steering right between them.  
Player: buy / sell  
Brodrosch: This is not a shop, damn it!  
Player: captain  
Brodrosch: Of course, I am the captain. But I am also a technomancer.  
Player: cormaya  
Brodrosch: So you want to go to Cormaya? 150 gold?  
Player: dwarf  
Brodrosch: Deep inside, we're all dwarfs.  
Player: farmine  
Brodrosch: Would you like me to take you to Farmine for 200 gold?  
Player: gurbasch  
Brodrosch: Ah, my brother in Cormaya. He also steers steamships.  
Player: inventions / inventors  
Brodrosch: Yes. There could have been thousands of our inventions, if they wouldn't explode all the time...  
Player: job / work  
Brodrosch: Look at my blackened beard? I'm the steamship captain!  
Player: kazordoon  
Brodrosch: Hey, we ARE at Kazordoon! Must be the cave madness...  
Player: name  
Brodrosch: I am Brodrosch Steamtrousers, son of the Machine, of the Molten Rock.  
Player: passage  
Brodrosch: Where do you want me to take you? To Cormaya or to Farmine?  
Player: poem  
Brodrosch: Sorry, too busy with caring for my machines!  
Player: ship  
Brodrosch: This is a great ship. Ha! It works without wind but with fire, and it travels not on the ocean but beneath the earth!  
Player: technomancer  
Brodrosch: Being a technomancer is a privilege few dwarfs have. We form earth and fire through powerful technology into tools. Also, we are great inventors.  
Player: thorgrin  
Brodrosch: He's a distant cousin.  
Player: tibia  
Brodrosch: Tibia? Just don't ask.  
Player: ticket / ore wagon / ride / travel  
Brodrosch: Your weekly ticket is still valid. Would be a waste of money to purchase a second one.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Brodrosch: Earth under your feet ... it's still better than lava.  
