Player: Hi  
Ferus: Welcome to my Chapel of Fire and Earth, Player.  
Player: Name  
Ferus: My name is Ferus Gemcutter, son of Fire and Earth, from the Molten Rock.  
Player: Job  
Ferus: I'm the keeper of this chapel and can bind loving souls in the holy ceremony of marriage.  
Player: Ring  
Ferus: You can buy wedding rings from many jewellers. I recommend Carina in Venore though, since the tailor in Venore also has wedding outfits in stock.  
Player: Outfit  
Ferus: You can buy a box with your wedding outfit from the tailor Norbert in Venore.  
Player: Earth  
Ferus: The nurturing and grounding force of nature. Supporting, carrying, feeding. What more could we ask for?  
Player: Fire  
Ferus: The life-giving and life-destroying force of nature. You need warmth to survive, but get too much of it and you'll burn. That's how it is with many things.  
Player: Tibia  
Ferus: I've seen much of it in the course of my life. I rarely go outside anymore nowadays, I prefer the company of my fellow dwarfs.  
Player: Life  
Ferus: Enjoy life while it lasts. Or as long as it is enjoyable. Mine has been a bit too long already, but still I'm glad to wander this world.  
Player: Etzel  
Ferus: Etzel is a good old friend of mine.  
Player: Emperor  
Ferus: The Hall of the Emperor is in the upper levels of Kazordoon. Quite far away from here, thus I'm glad we have this ore wagon system whenever I'm given an audience. My legs aren't what they once were.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Ferus: My home, my family.  
Player: Orcs  
Ferus: Well... the greenskins are trouble. Sadly that's a fact.  
Player: Gods  
Ferus: Although most dwarfs think that the Gods abandoned us, I believe they still watch over us and that everything happens for a reason.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Ferus: Sometimes I wonder if Ferumbras was brought upon us by the Gods. Challenges and trials are meant to be mastered, after all.  
Player: Gold / Money  
Ferus: Oh, I do the marriage ceremonies for free. But small donations are always welcome.  
Player: Citizen  
Ferus: You can become a citizen of Kazordoon in the temple below.  
Player: Divorce  
Ferus: Oh, I cannot divorce you. Sorry. Remember it is until death do you part - or not. Maybe other priests are less consequent. Or believe in the wrong Gods.  
Player: Durin  
Ferus: The first born. But we should not only care for our ancestors, but also for our descendants.  
Player: Elves  
Ferus: Live and let live, I'd say. Wars bring nothing but senseless destruction and mourning.  
Player: Equipment  
Ferus: My child, this is a Chapel not a shop! Sorry, but I think you're in the wrong place.  
Player: Fight  
Ferus: I stopped fighting a long time ago. Fighting is not good.  
Player: Outfit  
Ferus: You can buy a box with your wedding outfit from the tailor Norbert in Venore.  
Player: Geomancer  
Ferus: They worship the elemental forces of the earth.  
Player: Technomancers  
Ferus: Technomancers can be quite helpful if you have technical problems with your machinary.  
Player: News  
Ferus: I'm too old for news. But if you know anything interesting, feel free to tell me.  
Player: Halls of the Ancients  
Ferus: Ah, the ancient burial chamber of our ancestors. It is just a few steps from here.  
Player: Heal  
Ferus: My child, a few scratches will not kill you, so stop whining! A dwarf's heart knows no pain.  
Player: Help  
Ferus: I will pray to the forces fire and earth for you.  
Player: Humans  
Ferus: I've got to know some humans rather well. Some of them have true and honest hearts.  
Player: Poem  
Ferus: I'm not that poetic, I guess.  
Player: Monster  
Ferus: My child, there is no such thing! What you call monsters are just creatures who have as much right to live as you or I.  
Player: Minotaurs  
Ferus: I hold no grudge against minotaurs. They just do what they need to do to survive, I guess.  
Player: Quest/Task/What do  
Ferus: Life is an eternal quest. Master it with open eyes and open heart.  
Player: Time  
Ferus: I think it's the fourth age of the yellow flame, isn't it?  
Player: Farewell  
Ferus: May Fire and Earth bless you, Player!  
Player: Bye  
Ferus: May Fire and Earth bless you, Player!  
Player: keeper  
Ferus: Being a keeper is not only my job, it's my fate and calling.  
Player: Ceremony  
Ferus: If you wish to initiate a marriage ceremony, the to-be-betrothed - that is you two lovebirds! - need to hand me a blank wedding ring and a box with a wedding outfit. Player, can you give me these items now?  
Player: Ring  
Ferus: Not to sound like a material dwarf, but rules are rules. Without the items there won't be any wedding. I'm a traditionalist! Better go to a jeweller and see the tailor in Venore before people consider you cheap!  
Player: News  
Ferus: I'm too old for news. But if you know anything interesting, feel free to tell me.  
Player: Random word  
Ferus: Aha, is that so...  
Player: Donation  
Ferus: Would you like to donate 50 gold for the chapel of fire and earth, Player?  
Player: yes  
Ferus: Thank you, child. That's very generous of you.  
Player: Donation  
Ferus: Would you like to donate 50 gold for the chapel of fire and earth, Player?  
Player: No  
Ferus: Well, a donation is voluntary. So don't worry about it.  
Player: bye  
Ferus: May Fire and Earth bless you, Player!  
