NPC: Humgolf  
Player: hi/hello  
Humgolf: Player, good day .. or night, whatever. What do you want?  
Player: fish  
Humgolf: Go away with that water-thing!  
Player: 007  
Humgolf: I'm not allowed to sell worms to people without a form 007 licence to drill or a 0815 artist licence.  
Player: 0815  
Humgolf: It's a special licence for artists. It was only used once as I sold a white worm to Frietsiek and Yor.  
Player: god  
Humgolf: The worm does not care about gods, why should I?  
Player: life  
Humgolf: Can't say I like it much.  
Player: army  
Humgolf: They should remember old dwarfish rotworm tactics. Think like a worm and the battle is almost won.  
Player: Bezil/Nezil  
Humgolf: Always chatting. How can someone talk that much?  
Player: Ferumbras  
Humgolf: A true enemy of the worms.  
Player: Big Old  
Humgolf: The mountain seems tasty as far as it concerns my worms.  
Player: buy rotworm (yes/no)  
Humgolf: Do you want to buy a rotworm?  
Humgolf: Hey, you don't own a drilling licence. No deal!  
Humgolf: You'll regret that.  
Player: buy/sell/food/goods/offer/stuff/ware  
Humgolf: I can't sell you rotworms without you having a drilling licence, but I buy meat, ham and fresh dead rats for my rotworms. Ask me for a trade if you have any.  
Player: trade  
Humgolf: Take a look at what I buy.  
Player: gold  
Humgolf: Gold is one of the things my worms can unearth.  
Player: citizen  
Humgolf: Many noisy people down here are scaring my worms.  
Player: colossus  
Humgolf: Never was up there to look at it.  
Player: duria  
Humgolf: Thinks she's to good to talk to rotworm tamers.  
Player: durin  
Humgolf: If he'd live today he'd be a rotworm tamer like me.  
Player: earth  
Humgolf: Home of the worms, home of my people, too.  
Player:  elves  
Humgolf: They are not worth to be mentioned.  
Player: Kruzak/emperor  
Humgolf: The emperor should spend more money on rotworm husbandry.  
Player: equipment  
Humgolf: If you own a good worm you need nothing else.  
Player: etzel  
Humgolf: Does a worm need spells to work his kind of magic? I do neither.  
Player: excalibug  
Humgolf: Silly fairy tale.  
Player: fire  
Humgolf: Where earth is giving, fire is taking. That's the way of the elements.  
Player: farewell/bye  
Humgolf: Bye, Player.  
Player: general/motos  
Humgolf: That guy is a monster! I despise rotworm killers.  
Player: geomancers  
Humgolf: They have an understanding of worms.  
Player: jimbin  
Humgolf: His tavern is too crowded and too bright for a dwarf with taste like me.  
Player: maryza  
Humgolf: Don't like the way she looks at my worms.  
Player: help  
Humgolf: I am here to help the worms, not the fools.  
Player: humans  
Humgolf: They are not cute and not intelligent.  
Player: minotaurs  
Humgolf: They are stupid and ugly.  
Player: plant  
Humgolf: Only a rotting plant is a good plant.  
Player: job  
Humgolf: I'm the chief rotworm tamer of Kazordoon. I sell rotworms and buy meat, tentacle pieces and tasty fresh rats for my worms.  
Player: kazordoon  
Humgolf: I like the mines best.  
Player: tibia  
Humgolf: More nice beneath this noisy green surface.  
Player: kroox  
Humgolf: Poor guy, has lost his drilling licence for drinking.  
Player: quest/task/what do  
Humgolf: What by the worm are you talking about?  
Player: name  
Humgolf: I'm Humgolf Molesight, Son of Earth, from the Molten Rock.  
Player: news  
Humgolf: Who needs news if the old things are still good enough?  
Player: orcs  
Humgolf: They are even more stupid and ugly than minotaurs.  
Player: pyromancer  
Humgolf: Hotheads.  
Player: time  
Humgolf: Time does not matter to a dwarf who understands the ways of the worm.  
Player: stone golem  
Humgolf: Too hard to be gnawed away by even the finest worm.  
Player: technomancer  
Humgolf: GO AWAY! I heard they think of replacing worms with machines. That is an OUTRAGE!  
Player: uzgod  
Humgolf: We are trading now and then. Fine dwarf he is.  
Player: worms  
Humgolf: They are so cute and so intelligent.  
