NPC: Rapanaio  
Player: hi  
Rapanaio: Psht! Not that loud! Evil lurks everywhere. It's after me!  
Player: evil  
Rapanaio: Evil lurks everywhere. It only takes some ignorant or cowardly people to turn their heads away once too often for it to spread its ugly seeds. I, however, am constantly vigilant and always prepared. ...  
Rapanaio: I hunt out the signs of evil everywhere. Even in the face of scorn and ridicule, I will not hide my head in the sand and I will be ready to fight!  
Player: ridicule / laughed  
Rapanaio: Ignorance is evil's most potent ally. The servants of evil are plotting to keep us ignorant and poke ridicule at those who come too close to the truth.  
Player: hunt  
Rapanaio: It is my calling to root out evil in all its forms and uphold the vigilant fight. It is a lonely fight, an unending fight, but someone has to do it! ...  
Rapanaio: I scour ancient texts and collect rumours in taverns in order to track the machinations of evil. ...  
Rapanaio: Often odd occurrences are overlooked by the public as strange coincidences or fate, but those who know what to look for see the footprints of evil in history.  
Player: truth / danger  
Rapanaio: When I found that ancient text, warning of the Isle of Evil, I tried to tell the world about it. But the forces of evil discovered my plans! They made people assume it was just another tale for children. ...  
Rapanaio: THEY distributed a book of children's bedtime stories with a copy of the text in it to undermine my message! Their despicable ruse worked and they made a laughing stock of me! Of course I knew it was a plot to discredit me. ...  
Rapanaio: On the other hand, it was obvious that THEY now knew about me and the text I possessed. I went into hiding in fear of my life! THEY have tried to assassinate me! I must be constantly vigilant!  
Player: text  
Rapanaio: You'll find it in one of my chests. It's only a copy of course. The original is safely hidden! As much as THEY claim it's only a children's tale I know it's the truth.  
Player: children's tale  
Rapanaio: Bah, THEY forged a children's book that made my source material look like some part of it. Of course it is an evil plot to prevent me from locating the isle and slaying its dark master. ...  
Rapanaio: Or rather, sending some other hero who will fight the ultimate evil in its own lair on my behalf. Someone has to stay and fight the fight on the mainland, of course.  
Player: lair  
Rapanaio: Evil follows a distinct pattern. It is nasty, plans to rule the world, discredits its enemies, is fond of cunning death traps and rambling monologues, ...  
Rapanaio: it can only be vanquished by someone who completes a series of quests for some odd quest giver and it loves to have a lair, usually some sort of dungeon.  
Player: dungeon  
Rapanaio: Scientists have no idea why the servants of evil are so fond of dungeons. But every evil mastermind worth his salt strives to own one. It is where it accomodates its minions and hoards its treasures.  
Player: minions  
Rapanaio: Evil masterminds are served by all kinds of lesser evil beings. Such minions are usually no match for a hero, so they come in great numbers to counterbalance their lack of skill. Some minions are more capable. ...  
Rapanaio: They often serve as some kind of overseer or enforcer of evil and guard the mastermind's lair. Such minions are a particular challenge for a hero, but the rewards and loot for slaying them in battle are great!  
Player: treasures  
Rapanaio: I assume it is some kind of cosmic balance. When a hero slays a minion of evil the cosmic balance grants him some kind of reward. This often comes in the form of treasure. ...  
Rapanaio: Sometimes it's gold, sometimes it's a special weapon or piece of armor. Often an evil mastermind employs overseers for its hordes who guard parts of its dungeon. ...  
Rapanaio: These overseers are often in possession of high quality items that are the stuff of legend. The cosmic balance grants such items to the victorious hero so he can slay even more powerful minions of evil.  
Player: cosmic balance  
Rapanaio: Call it what you like. I call it cosmic balance. It's like a natural law. It is the force that inspires evil beings to build lairs and dungeons, inspires it to gather armies of minions and so on. ...  
Rapanaio: It is the only rational way to explain such strange behaviour.  
Player: loot  
Rapanaio: That heroes are rewarded with loot is down to the just nature of the cosmic balance. This is why even the most insignificant killer rat carries gold. ...  
Rapanaio: This, by the way, is proof positive that rats are evil minions, or else they would not carry gold. Loot is usually in the form of gold, but occasionally it also comes in the form of equipment and weapons. ...  
Rapanaio: Why else do dragons bother to carry armour and weapons when the beast itself is a killing machine with no use for such trinkets? It is of course cosmic balance! There is simply no other explanation!  
Player: assassinate  
Rapanaio: My life is no longer safe. The first attempt on my life was at a party thrown by a fellow inventor. THEY put poison in one of the twenty pints of beer I drank that night. ...  
Rapanaio: The following morning I was close to death. Only my strong dwarven constitution stood between me and the grim reaper that day. ...  
Rapanaio: In their next attempt, assassins tinkered with the stairs in front of my favourite tavern. When I was leaving the tavern after a night with my friends I tripped and fell, nearly breaking my neck! ...  
Rapanaio: Only my catlike reflexes saved my life that time. Well, my reflexes and my beard that absorbed some of the force of the fall. ...  
Rapanaio: Other attempts on my life followed! Like the object that was hurled at me while I was singing and dancing on the bar while at a party. ...  
Rapanaio: And the list goes on and on. I know that I am in grave danger and I will not lie to you about the danger you will be in when THEY learn about you.  
Player: THEY  
Rapanaio: THEY are the servants of evil. THEY are everywhere and could be anyone. In fact, it has crossed my mind that most of THEM don't know who THEY are. Uhm, well, I mean THEY don't even know each other. The lure of evil is powerful. ...  
Rapanaio: Most people are not as strong as you and me and easily give in to the lure of wealth and power that evil promises. ...  
Rapanaio: Uhm, what was that flicker in your eyes? Well, anyway, Evil recruits its minions from all weak willed creatures so you can't be sure who is your enemy. ...  
Rapanaio: I advise you to be cautious. Better safe than sorry. Or dead.  
Player: fight  
Rapanaio: It is my calling to root out evil in all its forms and uphold the vigilant fight. It is a lonely fight, an unending fight, but someone has to do it! ...  
Rapanaio: I scour ancient texts and collect rumours in taverns in order to track the machinations of evil. ...  
Rapanaio: Often odd occurrences are overlooked by the public as strange coincidences or fate, but those who know what to look for see the footprints of evil in history.  
Player: name  
Rapanaio: My name is top secret!  
Player: job / me  
Rapanaio: I am an inventor and sage. I have pledged my life to fighting evil wherever it raises it's ugly head. It's hard work and you have to get your hands dirty, but someone has to do it.  
Player: inventor  
Rapanaio: <lowers his voice> Sorry, that information is strictly classified. THEY might capture and torture you to find out what you know.  
Player: work  
Rapanaio: It is my calling to root out evil in all its forms and uphold the vigilant fight. It is a lonely fight, an unending fight, but someone has to do it! ...  
Rapanaio: I scour ancient texts and collect rumours in taverns in order to track the machinations of evil. ...  
Rapanaio: Often odd occurrences are overlooked by the public as strange coincidences or fate, but those who know what to look for see the footprints of evil in history.  
Player: other  
Rapanaio: You have no idea how many people laughed at me when I warned them of the Isle of Evil.  
Player: Isle of Evil  
Rapanaio: Psht, not that loud! But as your memory is so short, I will tell you of my researches once again! ...  
Rapanaio: After constructing an evil-o-meter I set about finding places where evil was concentrated. It reacted as expected to places of great evil like the Ghostlands, the Plains of Havoc and the Edron ruins. ...  
Rapanaio: But then it found somewhere new. My surprise knew no bounds when it showed a remote isle previously thought to be uninhabited. I am sure that something evil lurks there. Some unspeakable horror waiting to kill and devour unsuspecting travellers. ...  
Rapanaio: I could not let that happen! So I did some research and as I was about to give up I stumbled upon an ancient text that told of the Isle of Evil! ...  
Rapanaio: Immediately, the nature of the threat I had discovered became alarmingly clear! All I needed was a hero and some transport. But would they listen?! NO! They laughed at me. ...  
Rapanaio: Well, that was where you stepped in. Now we have joined forces to save the world!  
Player: bye  
Rapanaio: Take care and watch your back, Player.  
