Player: (idle)
Ratha: Back in my day I had quite a reputaion. Most secret services were after me. The C.G.B. in particular.
Ratha: I wonder how the dragon emperor and Nimmersatt get along with each other.
Ratha: I sided with the Marid, but they never granted me any wishes!
Ratha: I would die to taste gnomish mushroom soup again! That's easy to say when you are already dead, of course.
Ratha: Did you ever wonder what those amazons do with all the parcels and books they are hoarding?
Ratha: I once did the Piece of Cake event all on my own. I never ever ate cake again after that.
Ratha: I heard rumours about the fabled city of Yalahar but never managed to find it! 
Ratha: Did you ever wonder what those amazons do with all the parcels and books they are hoarding?
Ratha: I almost solved the riddle of the paradox tower yet my backpain made the climb too hazardous.
Ratha: I once fell in love with a woman, who turned out to be a cultist that wanted to sacrifice me in the dark cathedral!
Ratha: I wonder who's the strongest. That giant ape in the forbidden land of Tiquanda or Nimmersatt?
Ratha: I once won a boxing contest against a bunch of ruffians. Henceforth they were known as the toothless seven!
Ratha: You know it's rather dirty in here. I wonder what kinds of thoughts caused this!
Ratha: You know, before my untimely demise I was just preparing to do the Annihilator quest.
Ratha: One night I got so drunk, I walked straight into the hellgate in Ab'Dendriel!
Ratha: You know the demon bunny's name? It almost fried me once!
Ratha: I wonder how the good old Explorer's Society is doing!
Ratha: In my youth I discovered the secret sheep level. Sadly, it was dismanteled later on.
Ratha: Once I was hunting on Hrodmir when all of a sudden my summoned monks vanished! I never learned what happened to them!
Ratha: Back in my day, pirates used to be ... well pirates. Not actual rats, you know?
Ratha: I hate boredom almost as much as I hate the feverish citizens in Venore.
Ratha: The orc king stole my bottled djinn. I wonder what he used his wish for.
Ratha: My precious watch was stolen in Thais by some red headed street kid. I wonder what became of her.
Ratha: I applied to the gnomish bigfoot brigade, but I failed to pass the test!
Ratha: Oh, if you ever hear stories about me, being tricked into kissing a pig, those stories are just lies of course!
Ratha: I visited the Pits of Inferno once by accident. I misheard a friend of mine, thinking he invited me to a pizza inferno.
Ratha: A friend of mine was a scholar of the Nightmare Knights and the Brotherhood of Bones! Of Goshnar in particular.
Ratha: A friend of mine was driven mad by his studies of some 'outer god'. He ended up living in the wilds and roping up monks.
Ratha: I used to work as Captain Caveworn's sidekick for a while! (typo: captain caveworm)
Ratha: Have you ever met this arrogant Ava Tar guy in Edron? I wonder if he's still around!
Ratha: You should really get more experience, so we can see what's behind that level 999 door! (if below level 999)
Ratha: So you are one of the few who knows what's truly behind that level 999 door! (if above level 999)
