Player: hi  
Wally: Be greeted, traveller.  
Player: job  
Wally: I am working here at the post office for Kevin.  
Player: Kevin  
Wally: Oh, our boss is upstairs. Better only disturb him with important issues though.  
Player: mission  
Wally: Ask Mr. Postner about your current missions.  
Player: name  
Wally: I'm Wally the post officer.  
Player: Wally  
Wally: Yes, thats me, Wally!  
Player: elven  
Wally: Elven volunteers for becoming a postofficer are quite rare. We had to rely on a human living there to ensure our postsystems function. Most elvish members of the guild prefer to work as courriers.  
Player: Edron  
Wally: I gues Edron isn't the source of wealth and rescources as the thaians hoped. The defection of those knights did cause the expansion and exploitation there to an halt.  
Player: dwarfs / Kazordoon  
Wally: The city of the dwarfs is a bit hidden and new postoficers often get lost while looking for it. Just look for a hidden passage to a western valley in the mountaion called the big old one.  
Player: The Big Old One  
Wally: Its a huge Mountain, north of here, just across the river.  
Player: Thais  
Wally: One of the oldest holdings of humanity that still exist and the heart of the biggest kingdom in the known world.  
Player: Venore  
Wally: I think no longer is king Tibianus reigning this city, nor are the merchants ruling it, regardless what they might think. The true monarch before whom all there bow is the money.  
Player: bones  
Wally: If I would be looking for bones I'd inspect some skeletons ... If I weren't so affraid of them that is.  
Player: Markwin  
Wally: This minotaur is quite moody. Better make sure not to anger him. He's likely to call for his guards as soon as he notices a stranger, so you are on tough luck if you ever find him.  
Player: Noodles  
Wally: This dog is his majestys most priced possesion and heavily guarded. Anger the dog and you anger the king.  
Player: Benjamin  
Wally: Old Ben lost some of his marbles in some battle long ago. He is still a quite capable postman though ... on second thought thats some disturbing fact.  
Player: Dove  
Wally: Dove is as good as a dozend pigeons. He He He.  
Player: Liane  
Wally: Although I never met her in person we became penpals over the time.  
Player: Lokur  
Wally: Dwarfs make quite good postmen. They are stubborn, strong and ... sturdy. Its a waste that he prefers a job behind the counter.  
Player: Olrik  
Wally: This Olrik was made postman only for convenience. He is quite aware that his attitude and affiliation with the thaian government makes it impossible for him to rise in rank. This leads only to him behaving even worse tough.  
Player: Waldo
Wally: Waldo is an explorer. We always feared he might one day take a risk too great for him. I hope he is okay, though.
Player: bye  
Wally: It was a pleasure to help you.  
