Player: Hi  
Boveas: Hi! I hope you're not going to kill me!  
Player: Name  
Boveas: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot to introduce myself. Tends to happen when I'm scared that some bloodthirsty adventurer is going to kill me on account of my cunning disguise. My name is Boveas.  
Player: Disguise  
Boveas: Believe me, it wasn't easy to create this disguise. I employed the finest leather workers of Tibia to sew it together while I was studying the behaviour of cows on some of the farms. ...  
Boveas: Admittedly the research was a waste of time as minotaurs have very little in common with cows. And the cow suit does get a peculiar smell after a while. However, you live and learn, don't you?  
Player: Hope  
Boveas: I studied the art of magic for many years, but it's a bit abstract for a man with my hands on attitude to life. ...  
Boveas: Unfortunately, that proved to be far too much for one person. After careful consideration I decided to concentrate my efforts on the secrets of minotaur magic. ...  
Boveas: I have invested a considerable amount of resources in setting up this ruse to infiltrate this city. ...  
Player: Minotaur  
Boveas: Minotaurs are absolutely fascinating! Their culture, their philosophy, their everyday life. All of it is full of surprises and there is so much to learn. ...  
Player: Infiltrate  
Boveas: Believe me, it wasn't easy to create this disguise. I employed the finest leather workers of Tibia to sew it together while I was studying the behaviour of cows on some of the farms. ...  
Boveas: Admittedly the research was a waste of time as minotaurs have very little in common with cows. And the cow suit does get a peculiar smell after a while. However, you live and learn, don't you?  
Player: City  
Boveas: Sadly, Mintwalin is only a shadow of what it could have been. The minotaurs were hiding from numerous foes when they built this city. They had to use what was at their disposal. ...  
Boveas: Given that, the city is something they can be proud of. They had so few resources and they were forced to adapt much of their magic. Their magic specialised in war spells and they had to refocus onto a kind of supply magic to make everyday life work ...  
Boveas: The first time I came here I actually wondered whether the minotaurs might actually be more civilized then we are. The more time I spend here, the more this seems to me to be the case. ...  
Boveas: The minotaurean civilisation rivals our own and it is tragic that we are bitter enemies.  
Player: Markwin  
Boveas: The King of the minotaurs is actually not all that different from other sovereigns. At least, he seems to be confronted with similar challenges and issues just like any leader of a nation.  
Player: Yalahar  
Boveas: I doubt I could infiltrate the ranks of the Yalahari .. Hmm, then again, that certainly would be a challenge! I might consider that option when I have completed studying the minotaurs. But my work here is far from over <sigh>.  
Player: Yalahari  
Boveas: I have been here for a long time, so you probably know more about the Yalahari than do I. It might be that the Yalahari have knowledge that will give Telas the insight necessary to make that break through that eluded me when I was researching golems.  
Player: Work  
Boveas: I'm a scientist. But unlike my bookish colleagues I prefer to be out in the field, living the research, not just reading it. That's why I came here, to learn first hand about the minotaurs, their civilisation, their society.  
Player: Telas  
Boveas: Ah, good old Telas. A genius but a notorious bookworm. Personally, I don't have the patience for sitting around in a laboratory, tinkering and experimenting. ...  
Boveas: I like to get my hands dirty, so to speak. Field work is the only way for me to further my researches in an adequate way.  
Player: Experimenting/Golem  
Boveas: Before I turned my attention to minotaur lore, I was researching the construction of golems. Finally I reached a point where I felt a breakthrough was imminent. ...  
Boveas: But months turned to years and the break through eluded me. After years of stagnation and frustration I moved on and never looked back ...  
Boveas: I am willing to part with the information I have gathered so far in the hope I can assist Telas in his researches. May he be successful where I failed. ...  
Boveas: I will mail him my research papers immediately.  
Player: Job/Culture  
Boveas: There are some similarities between the minotaurean culture and our own but there are also huge differences. ...  
Boveas: The most important difference is perhaps that much of their culture evolved to help them deal with their rage, their inner beast. But there are other differences of course, some subtle, some prominent. ...  
Boveas: But I am not going to spill the beans! As soon as my field work has been completed I am going to write a book! ...  
Boveas: If you are truly interested in minotaurean lore and secrets you should really look forward to that book. ...  
Boveas: I have not decided on a title yet but I just know it will be a best seller - so you are bound to hear about it on the Tibian grapevine! Once it is released, of course.  
Player: First dragon  
Boveas: All dragons look alike to me.  
Player: Bye  
Boveas: Good bye, Player.  
