Player: hi
Malor: Greetings, human Ahnimone. My patience with your kind is limited, so speak quickly and choose your words well.
Player: name
Malor: Is it true you don't know who I am? Well, then listen. My name is Malor. ...
Malor: You should better memorise that name because you are bound to hear it more often in future.
Player: job
Malor: I am the true leader of all djinn - perhaps not by birth, but certainly by merit. One day all djinn will come to recognise that I alone deserve to be king.
Player: malor
Malor: That is me. I was away for a long time, but now I am back with a vengeance.
Player: wares
Malor: Gabel and Fa'hradin thought the war was over when they managed to trap me in that accursed lamp. But they have been a bit rash. After all those years I'm still here, and my thirst for revenge is stronger than ever!
Player: mission
Malor: We're done with missions, but if you still want to work for us, I might have a task for you.
Player: task
Malor: I guess during the last missions you got to know those filthy blue djinns and their wicked ways all too well. By now you must know how false they all are. ...
Malor: We can't let a single one of them live. When I'll be the true leader of the djinns, I want them all gone. I guess a start would be for you to kill 500 blue djinns and Marid. Will you assist us?
Player: yes
Malor: Good, then show those pathetic Marid what you're made of.
Player: task
Malor: Is that all you can do? So far you've killed 0 out of 500 blue djinns and Marid.
Player: king
Malor: I may not have reached my goal yet, but neither has that accursed Gabel. As long as the Marid and Efreet are disunited, neither of us can call himself the king of all djinn.
Player: gods
Malor: Are not the creators reflected in their creations? Look around! What do you see? There is nothing but cowardice and treachery in the world of humans. ...
Malor: How low the gods must be who made them. I have no respect for them.
Player: war
Malor: Gabel and Fa'hradin thought the war was over when they managed to trap me in that accursed lamp. But they have been a bit rash. After all those years I'm still here, and my thirst for revenge is stronger than ever!
Player: lamp
Malor: We djinn use them to sleep.
Player: pharaoh
Malor: I have heard that pompous pharaoh believes himself to be some sort of deity. That pathetic bonehead a god? Don't make me laugh!
Player: ascension
Malor: Ascension? That does ring a bell. Isn't that an element of the pharaoh's doctrines...
Player: akh / rah / uthun
Malor: Another one of that loony pharaoh's bright ideas. Nothing but nonsense and balderdash.
Player: djinn
Malor: We are strong and proud. One day we will take our rightful place on the throne of creation, and your vulgar race will either serve us, or perish. ...
Malor: Nothing personal, human. It is a natural process. And you humans will find that the djinn can be just masters.
Player: efreet
Malor: We are djinn! The true djinn! Those who have not let themselves be fooled by the silver-tongued blathering of that perfidious snake called Daraman.
Player: marid
Malor: The so-called Marid have forgotten what it is like to be djinn! They are weak!
Player: human
Malor: Your race is weak, but incurably treacherous. I will never forgive humanity the fact that it was one of your kind who spread the seed of dissent among the djinn.
Player: scarab
Malor: Scarabs are ancient creatures, which is why I respect them. But I will never allow any of these critters to undermine the foundations of my fortress.
Player: gabel
Malor: That fool. He thought he'd got rid of me for good. But I'm back, and this time I will finish what I have begun. That weak-willed wimp has held on to power far too long.
Player: malor
Malor: That is me. I was away for a long time, but now I am back with a vengeance.
Player: daraman
Malor: Of all human liars and schemers he was the worst. This self-styled prophet single-handedly managed to disunite my race and to spark a bloody civil war. ...
Malor: If somebody fulfilled a wish for me for a change, I would bring him back to life and make him pay.
Player: zathroth
Malor: Our father. He made us a race of masters, not of servants. We will live to fulfil his promise or die trying.
Player: orc king
Malor: Ah yes. My good old friend the foolish orc. He has rendered me a great service, you know? He released me from that accursed lamp! ...
Malor: In return, I have fulfilled three wishes for him, but somehow I can't help the feeling that he is not wonderfully happy about the way things have turned out.
Player: melchior
Malor: Melchior! Hah, that fool! Is he still alive? I never thought the old wretch would make it after I gave him my special treatment and sent him out into the Kha'labal. ...
Malor: Amazing, really. It has often occurred to me how much humans resemble rats - they are just as hard to kill!
Player: baa'leal
Malor: I suppose you have met Baa'leal already? The fact that you have survived that encounter shows that you are surprisingly strong for a human. ...
Malor: I almost feel some respect for you... Well, almost.
Player: alesar
Malor: Oh yes, Alesar! I bet Gabel went mad when he learned that Alesar had switched sides. If only I had been there to watch his face.
Player: fa'hradin
Malor: Fa'hradin is Gabel's lieutenant. I have known him for a long time, and I have always respected him. ...
Malor: Unfortunately, he chose the wrong side when the time to choose sides came. I have not given up hope of winning him over for some reason, but if I meet him on the battlefield I will not hesitate to kill him myself.
Player: mal'ouquah
Malor: Do you like this place? I have built Mal'ouquah as a home for those among my kind who did not fall for Daraman's sugar-covered lies. From here, I shall rule the world when the time has come.
Player: ashta'daramai
Malor: Ashta'daramai is the fortress of our sworn enemies, the oh so powerful Marid. The day will come when I see its smouldering walls collapse.
Player: tibia
Malor: The world of Tibia is ours by right. I will not rest until we have conquered it.
Player: darashia
Malor: Darashia is a very rich city. Once this war is won I will drop by at the Caliph's palace and pay my respects, if you know what I mean.
Player: edron / venore / thais / carlin / kazordoon / ab'dendriel
Malor: I hear the humans have built impressive cities on the great continent. It looks like many things have changed while I was caught in that stupid lamp.
Player: ankrahmun
Malor: Even though it has always been a human settlement, I have always had a soft spot for the place. I am even thinking about making it my capital once I have taken over the world.
Player: kha'zeel
Malor: They say the Kha'zeel mountains have been made by gods. If that is true they must have left long ago, because I have lived here for eons, and I have never met one of them.
Player: kha'labal
Malor: Kha'labal. I do not like that desert. Looking at it brings up bad memories.
Player: bye
Malor: Farewell, human. When I have taken my rightful place I shall remember those who served me well. Even if they are only humans.
Malor: Farewell, human.