Player: hi
Ubaid: Shove off, little one! Humans are not welcome here, Simula!
Player: djanni'hah
Ubaid: What? You know the word, Simula? All right then - I won't kill you. At least, not now. What brings you here?
Player: here
Ubaid: Only the mighty Efreet, the true djinn of Tibia, may enter Mal'ouquah! ...
Ubaid: All Marid and little worms like yourself should leave now or something bad may happen. Am I right?
Player: yes
Ubaid: Of course. Then don't waste my time and shove off.
Player: no
Ubaid: Who do you think you are? A Marid? Shove off you worm!
Player: name
Ubaid: My name is Ubaid. Why do you want to know that, human? Hmm... suspicious.
Player: job
Ubaid: Well, what do you think? I keep watch around here to make sure people like you don't enter.
Player: king
Ubaid: Well, Malor is not officially king of all djinn yet, but now that our beloved leader is back that is a mere formality.
Player: pharaoh
Ubaid: They say Ankrahmun is now ruled by a crazy Pharaoh who wants to tell his whole people into drooling undead. That's humans. Sickos and weirdos the lot of them.
Player: palace
Ubaid: One day we will sack that place and burn it to the ground.
Player: ascension
Ubaid: I think I've heard that term before. Has to do with that weirdo Pharaoh, right?
Player: akh / rah / uthun
Ubaid: Are you drunk?
Player: war
Ubaid: I don't know why I am stuck here! I should be at the front, killing Marid and humans. Well, perhaps I will kill you...
Player: lamp
Ubaid: I am not taking a nap! I am on duty!
Player: djinn
Ubaid: We are a race of rulers and dominators! Or at least we, the Efreet, are!
Player: efreet
Ubaid: The Efreet are the true djinn! Those namby-pamby milksops who call themselves the Marid and still follow Gabel, no longer deserve the honour to call themselves djinn.
Player: marid
Ubaid: Marid? When? Where? How many? RED ALERT! ...
Ubaid: Hey! There is nobody here! Don't do that again, human!
Player: human
Ubaid: You are an inferior race of feeble, scheming jerks. No offence.
Player: scarab
Ubaid: They make good pets if you know how to keep them. Did you know they just adore human flesh?
Player: malor
Ubaid: Well, Malor is not officially king of all djinn yet, but now that our beloved leader is back that is a mere formality.
Player: gabel
Ubaid: I used to serve under Gabel, but he is no longer my king. If that wacky wimp should ever come here to Mal'ouquah, I will personally... you know... turn him away. Yes!
Player: zathroth
Ubaid: Zathroth is our father! Of course, the son always has a right to hate his father, right?
Player: daraman
Ubaid: How dare you utter that name in my presence, human. Don't strain my patience, worm! You may know the secret word, but... who knows... it is always possible that your head is torn off in some terrible accident.
Player: baa'leal
Ubaid: General Baa'leal is our commander-in-chief of all his minions. He is as tough as an ancient scarab's buttocks and as sly as a sand weasel.
Player: alesar
Ubaid: I am not used to the sight of blueskins here in Mal'ouquah, and it does not make me too happy to see one. I am keeping an eye on this guy, and if I should ever find that he is playing games with us I will personally break his neck!
Player: fa'hradin
Ubaid: The old wizard is dangerous, but he will get what he deserves sooner or later.
Player: tibia
Ubaid: This world is ours by right, and we will take it!
Player: mal'ouquah
Ubaid: This place is our home, and as long as I'm here no meddler will trespass!
Player: ashta'daramai
Ubaid: The Marid's hideout, isn't it? I have never been there, but I am sure one day I will. That will be the day Ashta'daramai falls into our hands!
Player: darashia
Ubaid: A human settlement to the west? I have not been there yet, but when I do I'm sure I will be remembered.
Player: ankrahmun
Ubaid: I know that damn city well. A long time ago we laid siege to it. ...
Ubaid: We would have taken it, but those traitorous humans allowed a Marid garrison to entrench itself there, and we never managed to throw them out. Cowards and traitors the lot of them.
Player: edron / venore / thais / carlin / kazordoon / ab'dendriel
Ubaid: Isn't that the name of some petty human settlement?
Player: kha'zeel
Ubaid: This mountain range is our home. Too bad we have to share it with the Marid. That will change, though. And pretty soon, believe me.
Player: kha'labal
Ubaid: I like the desert. Just ruins and sand. And no human dogs to be seen. The Kha'labal is a foretaste of what the djinn will do to the whole of Tibia!
Player: bye
Ubaid: Hail King Malor! See you on the battlefield, human worm.
Ubaid: Why did you waste my time?