Player: (idle)
Jelly: Hm hm hm hm ... *the small fairy hums softly*
Jelly: Blueberry skies with just a few candy floss clouds. Perfect weather in Candia today!
Jelly: Where has that truffle gone? Didn't it just nibble away a piece of my roof?
Player: hi
Jelly: *The small fairy greets you but you don't understand her. She makes a gesture as if to apply some lipstick. Then she is pointing to the east. But what does that mean?*
Player: hi
Jelly: Sweet greetings, dear visitor, and welcome to Candia!
Player: name
Jelly: I'm Jelly.
Player: job
Jelly: Job? I don't know this word. Are you sure that the candy lipstick's magic still works properly?
Player: time
Jelly: Time ... hm ... Ah, yes, the passing of hours and days, isn't it?
Player: Candia
Jelly: That's what we call our beautiful island. Perhaps you know it from stories under a different name. A land of milk and honey. Candyland. The Land of Cockaigne. The Realm of Sweet Dreams. Or the Schlauraffen Land. ...
Jelly: But no matter what you call it, Candia is a fairy kingdom and a dreamland, just like Feyrist. But while Feyrist is born from the pleasant dreams of all the inhabitants of Tibia, Candia grows from the dreams of the children. ...
Jelly: When they dream of sweets, which they often do, these dreams take shape here.
Player: shape
Jelly: It happens through the purest saccharine magic. If you walk to the centre of the island, you will see the Great Dreamcatcher, amidst the Peppermint Forest, just south of the Great Milk Lake. ...
Jelly: It is the origin of this magic, drawing all the sweet dreams of the children to it and creating Candia from them. The centre and anchor of our world, you could say. Feel free to admire it. ...
Jelly: But also be careful. If you stare at its spinning centre for too long, this may have some side effects.
Player: effects
Jelly: Not telling! *the fairy giggles* You will have to find out by yourself.
Player: coco
Jelly: She is a wonderful candy fashion designer. All of her dresses are so pretty!
Player: candis
Jelly: He supervises the work down in the Chocolate Mines. He's a friend of Toffee and very industrious.
Player: taffy bunny
Jelly: Toffee bakes the most delicious cakes in all of Candia! You should stop by his stand at the Candy Carnival and buy one.
Player: dulcineo
Jelly: He is very gallant and courteous, a true gentlefaun. And that's exactly the reason why he is a cavalier of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
Player: Sugar Plum Fairy
Jelly: You could say that she is a kind of queen. She is beautiful and friendly and makes sure that the inhabitants of Candia are not harmed. She lives in the Gingerbread Castle in the Southern Chocolate Mountains.
Player: tooth fairy
Jelly: She is the sister of the Sugar Plum Fairy and everyone says she doesn't like sweets. Is that true? I can't even imagine that.
Player: maelyrra
Jelly: She is the queen of the Feyrist fae. A nymph, I guess.
Player: Gingerbread Castle
Jelly: The Gingerbread Castle is a magnificent sight to behold. Its cinnamon and clove-scented walls and the sugar-glazed windows can be seen from afar. ...
Jelly: The castle is guarded by loyal gingerbread men and inside the tasty walls lie rooms with fluffy meringue sofas and cotton candy pillows where the queen resides. ...
Jelly: Beneath the castle you can find the royal bakery, where truffle confectionists create the finest delicacies. There, you can also visit a well cooled room, where the Great Ice Cream Machine produces Candia's scoops. ...
Jelly: In a cave underneath the castle you will find the Hot Milk Springs in a chocolate cave, where a bath house was established.
Player: Dessert Dungeons
Jelly: The extensive vaults of the Dessert Dungeon stretch out beneath the Gingerbread Castle. Built partly from gingerbread, partly from waffles and partly from chocolate cake, all three architectural styles of Candia are combined here.
Player: Peppermint Forest
Jelly: South of the Great Milk Lake, the Peppermint Forest lies waiting patiently for travellers. It consists of tall peppermint trees, reaching out to meet the pale magenta sky. ...
Jelly: A thick layer of marzipan grass and milk chocolate is surrounding them at the base, often sprinkled with small sugar flowers. ...
Jelly: Although this forest is beautiful and serene at a glance, it holds some natural hazards and traps, like bubblegum blotches that are littered around the idyllic wilderness. A careless wanderer might get stuck. ...
Jelly: The biggest of the Lollipop Fields is not far away from here.
Player: Milk Lake
Jelly: While the oceans surrounding Candia consist of blueberry and moon melon lemonade, the lakes and rivers are made of milk and cacao. ...
Jelly: The Great Milk Lake is the biggest of Candia's lakes and spans a vast region south of the Northern Chocolate Mountains reach. Once a year, the Sugar Plum Fairy hosts a regatta there, and then, dozens of waffle cone boats try to win the prize. ...
Jelly: In this lake, as well as all other milk and cacao lakes of Candia, you can also fish. If you have a gummy worm or a gummy rotworm as bait, you might catch a taiyaki.
Player: taiyaki
Jelly: Taiyaki are waffle fish. They are filled with chocolate cream, jam or other sweet stuffings, depending on what they have eaten beforehand.
Player: Lollipop Fields
Jelly: Dotted around Candia, there are pockets of lollipop groves, glimmering in the sun with an array of bright colours. The shimmering Lollipop Fields seem to change at every new glance. ...
Jelly: Every trodden path leads to a new discovery: candy floss trees, small waffle and gingerbread houses that are residences for tiny sugar sprites, playing fruit drops or dozing cream blobs.
Player: Chocolate Mountains
Jelly: The Chocolate Mountains consist mainly of dark chocolate, but they possess inclusions of caramel, nuts and cherry sugar. ...
Jelly: At the lower levels, they are partially overgrown with marzipan grass, but further up, only the pure chocolate peaks rise into the sky. The cherry sugar and the chocolate itself are mined in the underground mines.
Player: mines
Jelly: The Chocolate Mines are a rich source of sweet, creamy chocolate for us to use in our treats. You can find the entrance in the Western Chocolate Mountains. ...
Jelly: The mines are a vast area burrowed deep within the ground, full of various chambers and tunnels, each one filled with chocolate in various states of refinement, from raw and untouched to liquid and delicious. ...
Jelly: The mine is also a chocolate factory, filled with various machines and tools used to refine and shape the chocolate into treats. ...
Jelly: The busy sugar cube workers take care that everything down there runs smoothly and floating sugar balls pull the sledges on which the chocolate and candy crystals are transported. ...
Jelly: In some places in the Chocolate Mines you will also find honeycombs that cover parts of the floor and walls. Of course, delicious honey can be extracted from them. ...
Jelly: But on the other hand, these structures also produce honey elementals, which can become a nuisance for the sugar cube workers in the mines.
Player: inhabitants
Jelly: There are sugar fairies like me or the gingerbread men, but also the industrious sugar cubes, the cheerful fruit drops, the truffles or the cream blobs. They are all friendly and welcoming. ...
Jelly: But be careful, down in the Chocolate Mines or in the Dessert Dungeons underneath the Gingerbread Castle, there are also some less pleasant fellows: ...
Jelly: the candy floss elementals, the goggle cakes or the honey elementals as well as nightmares who came here from Roshamuul, like nibblemaws and candy horrors.
Player: sugar fairies
Jelly: We sugar fairies come in quite a few sizes and shapes. I think, I can say, that we are generally benevolent but prankful, bringing small amounts of delight to those who seek us out. ...
Jelly: We are typically peaceful, preferring to spread positivity and joy around us. However, there are certain things that can make us angry and upset: ...
Jelly: rude behaviour, desecration and destruction of sweet creations and delicacies as well as the presence of evil and malicious individuals or forces like Roshamuul nightmares. ...
Jelly: If we go underground, into the Chocolate Mines or Dessert Dungeons, we are often looking for ingredients or materials to use for our creations, which may be found only in these underground realms. ...
Jelly: These creations can vary greatly in size and complexity, depending on their purpose and desired effect. Intricate pieces of jewellery, figurines and ornaments are among them as well as colourful dresses and apparel. ...
Jelly: You search for a chocolate coffee table or a soft peppermint cushion? We craft all of this artfully by hand and some of our creations can be bought at the Candy Carnival.
Player: sugar cube workers
Jelly: The sugar cubes are delicate creatures fashioned entirely out of sugar crystals. Some roam carefree across the sweet, colourful surface of our world, but many also work in the underground Chocolate Mines. ...
Jelly: Industrious but sometimes clumsy, the sugar cubes mine the raw, unrefined chocolate and refine it into creamy, delicious goodness. ...
Jelly: They mix it with other ingredients, use machinery and tools to shape it, and package it for storage and distribution. The sugar cubes are known for being diligent and hardworking, but often clumsy due to their rectangular shape. ...
Jelly: Sometimes they fall into milk or cacao lakes and need help getting out. They also can be very talkative and are prone to getting distracted while working. But apart from that, they are the force that keeps Candia's chocolate production going.
Player: fruit drops
Jelly: They are downright cheerful fellows. When they roam Candia's surface, they like to play hide and seek in the Lollipop Fields or between the peppermint trees. ...
Jelly: If they work in the Chocolate Mines, they are in charge of adding fruit essences and extracts to the chocolate, to enhance and add flavour to the mix. ...
Jelly: They are very friendly and sweet - both figuratively and literally, and enjoy working with the different fruits and experimenting with new flavour combinations. ...
Jelly: They add the special touches to the chocolate, such as fruit peels, extracts, and essences. Fruit drops are creative and innovative, always looking for ways to make the chocolate mixture more delicious and pleasing to the senses. ...
Jelly: The fruit drops and their mint drop cousins also keep the Big Ice Cream Machine underneath the Gingerbread Castle going.
Player: cream blobs
Jelly: Among the inhabitants of Candia, the cream blobs are the least busy and prefer to indulge in idleness. ...
Jelly: They like to wander through the Peppermint Forest or lie on the vanilla sugar beaches at the shores of the Blueberry or Moon Melon Sea. ...
Jelly: Sometimes, however, they can be persuaded to help the truffles decorate their cakes or donate a portion of cream for the fruit drops who are working with the Ice Cream Machine.
Player: gingerbread men
Jelly: As the name says, gingerbread men are comprised entirely of gingerbread dough, baked and hardened, their limbs and physique crafted to look like a humanoid figure. ...
Jelly: Their faces, painted with icing, show a cheerful expression and they possess a rather kind and caring disposition. Gingerbread men are crafted and molded out of dough and sugar by truffles who are either bored or lonesome. ...
Jelly: Then they mould a figure out of gingerbread dough as a friend and playmate. Although the gingerbread men eventually go their own ways and explore Candia, they usually form a lifelong friendship with the truffles that have baked them.
Player: truffles
Jelly: Truffles are small chocolate balls, closely related to sugar cubes and fruit drops. While the sugar cubes are the hard-working miners of the Chocolate Mines and the fruit drops are refiners and decorators, the truffles are born bakers. ...
Jelly: They transform the mined and partially fruit-flavoured chocolate into sweet pastries such as cakes, biscuits, pralines and so on. ...
Jelly: They are therefore rarely seen down in the mines, but rather at the ovens in, around and under the Gingerbread Castle. ...
Jelly: That's where their delicious creations are made. When they are not working, they like to relax in the Hot Milk Springs - but not for too long, so that they don't melt away.
Player: candy floss elementals
Jelly: It's a towering monster, standing tall and proud over its surroundings. Its body is made entirely of thick clouds of candy floss, giving it a soft, fluffy appearance. ...
Jelly: A colourful mixture of sprinkles runs through its sugary limbs. This elemental is rather slow-moving, owing to its soft and fluffy body. Its movement leaves behind sugary, sticky residue that may slow and hinder opponents. ...
Jelly: It can also suffocate and gum up enemies with its sweet and sugary clouds. Candy floss elementals are rather slow-witted and unambitious, preferring to lay around and take it easy as opposed to actively attacking or seeking trouble. ...
Jelly: However, if someone invades their territory, they can still react aggressively. Unfortunately this happens quite often, as their clouds of candy floss are delicious to consume and lure unsuspecting foes.
Player: honey elemental
Jelly: The honey elemental is a creature made entirely of pure and undiluted honey, giving it a sticky and viscous nature. Its body is often moulded into a humanoid shape, though its exact dimensions may vary depending on the amount of honey available.
Player: goggle cakes
Jelly: The goggle cake is a creature made entirely of baked and confectionary goods, such as dough and pastries, with layers upon layers of sweet and deliciously scented fillings and decorations. ...
Jelly: It is also capable of consuming and absorbing additional baked items, thus enlarging and expanding its body. The goggle cake's appetite appears limitless, as it is always seeking out new food to consume and add to its mass. ...
Jelly: Goggle cakes are known to possess a sweet and delicious fragrance that can lure in unsuspecting victims. In the process, the savory aromas confuse its opponents' senses. Luckily, it sometimes loses sight of its goal despite its big goggle eyes.
Player: nibblemaws
Jelly: When guzzlemaws or frazzlemaws arrive in Candia, they are transformed into giant balls of peppermint with teeth made of the hardest chocolate imaginable. Their thick sugar coating makes them highly resistant to weapon attacks. ...
Jelly: This sweet transformation may make them look rather cute, but don't be fooled: They are still dangerous predators who prey on the more peaceful inhabitants of Candia. ..
Jelly: They seem to particularly like the industrious little sugar cube workers in the Chocolate Mines, so they pose a serious threat to Candia's chocolate supply and are always a thorn in the side of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
Player: candy horrors
Jelly: If retching horrors get from Roshamuul to Candia, they are changed into candy horrors. Their bulky bodies transform into solid chocolate dough, their spikes into raked cream meringue and candy canes grow where their horns once were. ...
Jelly: Candy horrors can also tear out these candy canes and throw them at their victims. They don't have to worry about losing them, though, because the candy canes grow back extremely quickly.
Player: chocolate blob
Jelly: Perhaps you are familiar with the acid blob or death blob. But here in Candia you will get to see the chocolate blob, although it is a much more delicious version of its slimy cousins. ...
Jelly: As the name suggests, it consists entirely of sweet, creamy chocolate. Although the chocolate in Candia melts less quickly than ordinary chocolate, it is not completely impervious to it either. ...
Jelly: When the summer sun shines particularly strongly on the tops of the Chocolate Mountains, they melt and the liquid chocolate drips down into the marzipan grass. ...
Jelly: There, chocolate blobs form, which from then on streak across the surface of Candia. However, they are harmless and, unlike other blobs, they do not attack unsuspecting hikers. ...
Jelly: Sometimes they retreat underground, into the vast Chocolate Mines, where they merge back into the mountains. Others eventually dive down into the cocoa lakes, where they liquefy and enrich these lakes with a fine nutty chocolate flavour.
Player: bye
Jelly: Sweet dreams!
