My travels in the service of the Tibian Explorer Society have led me here, to this island called Oskayaat, south of Chor and Ankrahmun. It is geographically split into two quite different regions. In the west it is covered with jungle, while a steppe extends in the east. A mountain reach in the centre divides the island into the dry east and the humid, overgrown west. Built into those mountains is the beautiful city Oska. In the south-east, on a smaller island, there is a still sometimes active volcano.
The people of Oskayaat are quite highly developed. Their civilization is one of art and beauty, well known for its rich culture and history. The Oskayaans are educated and sophisticated and have a strong appreciation for the arts. They have a deep understanding of history, mythology and philosophy, and they respect and value ancient knowledge and traditions. The culture is rich with religious and spiritual beliefs and the people are very religious and pious as well as peaceful and respectful of others.
Once the Oskayaans worshipped Suon, the sun god, and Amati, the moon goddess in equal measure. It appears that Amati is a manifestation of Uaris, which is worshipped as a divine aspect of the moon in some areas of the Darama. As their understanding of the world increased, the Oskayaans started to realize that the suns were the source of all life and the moon only reflects their light. Suon became associated with creation, while Amati was associated with the cycle of life. Eventually, the sun became more worshipped than the moon, as it was seen as the more powerful and important force.
But then something happened: A curse reached the island, that transformed people into were creatures. Because the animals are were not wolves or bears but tigers, panthers and crocodiles, the people transformed into weretigers, werepanthers and werecrocodiles. The moon kind of took over. Maybe the curse was brought about by some evil force or deity that wanted to cause chaos and destruction on the otherwise peaceful island. Or perhaps it was just bad luck. But the curse spread rapidly, causing madness and mayhem among the people. I myself have been lucky enough to be spared from the curse so far. I have left the town of Oska in panic to escape the wild beasts that the once so civilised and educated people here have become. I must hurry and reach Port Hope before they pick up my scent and tear me to pieces ...