During the first years of the reign of our benevolent dragon emperor, several rebellious elements upraised. They consist of people who feared for their influence and wealth they had accumulated in the past by exploiting their power and the flawed regency system. Some of them were philosophers with wild ideas about gods and the like. Madmen who feared that the wisdom of the dragon kings would pierce the webs of deceit they had woven over the minds of their lizard brethren over centuries. Others were part of the military - mainly those fat and lazy leaders who were responsible for the defeats in the wars against the orcs and who made thousands of our soldiers victims of their incompetence. They feared for their positions and wealth. Still, they were only a few and their desperate lies melted away in the light of the dragon kings' glory. They gained little support at all, and so they tried the unthinkable, to poison and to assassinate the dragon kings in one single night. But the dragon kings in their wisdom were well prepared and the assassins were met with solid resistance and soundly defeated. Of course those responsible for the cowardly attack did not participate in the fight. They hid in remote fortresses while their misguided tools died. But the imperial armies under the leadership of the dragon kings rooted them out and punished them with death. Some of the cowardly initiators of the assassination managed to hide for years from the judgment of the dragon kings, but eventually all traitors were found and justice was served. But the dragon kings in their wisdom were well prepared and the assassins were met with solid resistance and soundly defeated. Of course those responsible for the cowardly attack did not participate in the fight. They hid in remote fortresses while their misguided tools died. But the imperial armies under the leadership of the dragon kings rooted them out and punished them with death. Some of the cowardly initiators of the assassination managed to hide for years from the judgment of the dragon kings, but eventually all traitors were found and justice was served. But the dragon kings in their wisdom were well prepared and the assassins were met with solid resistance and soundly defeated. Of course those responsible for the cowardly attack did not participate in the fight. They hid in remote fortresses while their misguided tools died. But the imperial armies under the leadership of the dragon kings rooted them out and punished them with death. Some of the cowardly initiators of the assassination managed to hide for years from the judgment of the dragon kings, but eventually all traitors were found and justice was served. But the imperial armies under the leadership of the dragon kings rooted them out and punished them with death. Some of the cowardly initiators of the assassination managed to hide for years from the judgment of the dragon kings, but eventually all traitors were found and justice was served. But the imperial armies under the leadership of the dragon kings rooted them out and punished them with death. Some of the cowardly initiators of the assassination managed to hide for years from the judgment of the dragon kings, but eventually all traitors were found and justice was served.