Blight and sickness are spreading. The great plague has not been forgotten yet and so sickness is something people are accustomed to. But I can sense the taint that is spreading, and the spirits of earth, water, and wind tell me about some presence that is poisoning the soil and the springs. I can feel it also when I am fully attuned to the land. The new regime does not like if people talk about such things, and I was removed from my position in the ministry of agriculture. My abilities made me a precious member of the order and I used to be influential and respected. And now they strip me off like an old skin. I don't understand what is happening and the spirits can offer me little help in this matter. I retreated to my old home, banned from the gardens I loved so much. The spirits are still with me but my lifetime achievement was taken away from me. I could have understood the decision if I had supported the resistance in the civil war in any way but I was never a politician and did not take part in that rebellion. What is wrong about warning people of something bad that is happening? The dragon kings can't see that as an act of rebellion or spread of unrest. I just want to help with all my power. Why would they want to keep such a blight a secret? Is it perhaps their fault in some way? I fear the worst. I have talked to several of my old friends about that issue and they just won't listen. Even the most open-minded seem to have changed since some time. It is almost as if they were replaced by someone else. All they say is 'the dragon kings want this ...', ' the dragon kings want that ...' as if that were the only thing that is of importance to them. Perhaps I was too reclusive, too absorbed with talking to the spirits, and I don't understand my fellow lizards anymore. But there is still hope. I was called to the court of one of the dragon kings. I will probably speak to one of his highest ranking followers. I guess they have heard about my concerns and will give me an opportunity to speak about my concerns. Surely they will finally recognise the importance of my observations. Perhaps I will regain my old position and will soon have access to the gardens again.