Vampire Hunter's Handbook I
The vampire is a beast created by evil, a parasite that needs the blood of the living to sustain his own parody of life. It is also a plague that spreads quickly if not fought by adequate means.
A vampire is no longer a living being. When turning into a vampire the soul of the former living being is destroyed and with it also its emotions and certain values. They are replaced by something evil and malignant. Where there was love, there is now desire; where there was valour, there is now cold-heartedness. Every positive aspect of life is transformed into a mockery, just like the whole vampire is a mockery of life.
The bite of a vampire is infectious. Sometimes, the now poisoned blood spreads through the body of the victim and raises it from the dead as a new vampire. This happens mostly when the vampire drains the victim slowly of it's blood.
There are cases in which a vampire visited its victim over several weeks or even months, slowly stealing their strength and leaving their evil stigma. Such victims raise much more likely as a vampire than victims that were robbed of there blood in a few minutes.
A vampire depends on the blood of others. If a vampire is not able to drink blood on a regular basis, it will wither and dry out, until it finally crumbles into dust.
Vampires are nocturnal creatures. They fear the sunlight because it evaporates the tainted and stolen blood in their veins. Sunlight greatly accelerates the process which lets vampires dry out. Only a well-fed vampire is able to resist the sunlight for a while.
The senses of a vampire are sharpened similar to those of predatory beasts. Still, just like these beasts, it is possible to chase them with the appropriate skills. Garlic, for example, is able to overload a vampire's senses. For this reason, vampires avoid garlic whenever possible.
Vampires also seem to have a special bond to certain animals. Wolves, rats and bats are often found in the company of a vampire. They are even able to shapeshift in such an animal. As the transformation into a bat is the most common one among vampires, it is assumed that it is also the most natural one for them.
Other animals, however, are rather scared by vampires. Horses sense vampires very easily and express great fear near a vampire's grave.
Even though vampires usually keep their human appearance, they share the physical strength of other undead. By applying this strength more conscious than other undead they are even more powerful. Their unliving body is able to withstand a large amount of damage, depending on the amount of blood that they've consumed recently. The body rather soaks the damage than to repel it. This can probably be explained with vampires being rather shadows than true bodies, for the same reason they lack a mirror image. However, it is said that vampires can manipulate the mind of others, making them believe that they see a reflection.
Some vampires are able to use this shadowy state of their body to become a cloud of darkness that is completely invulnerable to physical damage. However, all reports of using this special ability tell about very old vampires. It seems that vampires grow more and more powerful with each decade or century they live their undead lives.