Player: hi
A Bloodshade: Mortal! If you are on a quest to serve the blood god, my master - be greeted!
Player: quest
A Bloodshade: To enter the realm of the sanguine master and destroy its spawn, a sufficient sacrifice is imperative. ...
A Bloodshade: Find and slay the keeper of blooded tears and bring the nectar of his eyes before the blood god. Present your gift on the sacrificial altar. ...
A Bloodshade: After - and under no circumstances before - you have completed this procedure, you can enter the sacred fluid.
Player: blood god
A Bloodshade: The blood god's power has been corrupted and the spawn that festers in his former realms are a mockery of its grandeur. ...
A Bloodshade: It has to be exterminated and the realm must be cleansed from the festering presence that came to dwell here!
Player: festering
A Bloodshade: The leeching corruption is finally stopped and the realm can heal. Perhaps, in a few millennia, the mighty blood god might recover and rise again in new power and sanguine glory! HAHAHAHA!!
Player: bakragore
A Bloodshade: The foul thing must fall! Its presence and existence de-sanctifies the holy realm of blood. ...
A Bloodshade: To be able to challenge that thing, however, you have to handle its spawn. Slay that brood and the way to Bakragore is wide open.
Player: challenge
A Bloodshade: You will have to defeat what calls itself Bakragore at least once to attack the core of its festering presence. You will be able to choose how much of the foul taint of Bakragore and its spawn you can endure. ...
A Bloodshade: Yet the more taint you put onto you, the harder the battle will become, yet the rewards will be greater.
Player: taint
A Bloodshade: Though what is left of the powers, granted to me by my god and my extensive knowledge of his essence, I'm able to assist you in managing you the taint, that you obtained and you bear. ...
A Bloodshade: Mind you though. I can only remove the burden. that you are bearing and once done. You will have to acquire the taints anew.
Player: harder
A Bloodshade: I can help you with the taint that you wield. You just have to ask.
Player: managing
A Bloodshade: You are not tainted, mortal.
Player: reward
A Bloodshade: There is a certain level of reward associated to the amount of taint on you. ...
A Bloodshade: The areas you will enter, are not what your mortal brain tells you they are. What you experience and see is only what your puny mind can make out of what it cannot hope to fully understand. ...
A Bloodshade: The true realm is in a flux, all the more after the blood god's demise. They twist and shape themself and become more or less real. ...
A Bloodshade: By acquiring the taint, you become more .. like the realm themself. And you draw things in, make them real. The more you become tainted and one with the realm, the more likely the unlikely or even formerly impossible becomes real. ...
A Bloodshade: You will find more .. 'loot' as the likes of you tend to call it. To me it's just a fickle distraction, but to you, I know it's something you strive to acquire.
Player: demise or essence
A Bloodshade: We all could constantly feel the presence of our god in our very own blood. Then, all of a sudden, his presence ceased to be, the connection was lost. ...
A Bloodshade: For sure our lord has been slain by envious gods! But blood and slaughter are eternal. There is no end that can't be overcome by universal principle. He who has been slain will rise in slaughter once the time has come! ...
A Bloodshade: However, first the cleansing of this place has to occur!
Player: acquire
A Blooshade: I can help you with acquiring what you crave for .. power, riches. I can manage your taint for you. As long as you fight the decay within, you have my 'blessing' and support. ...
A Blooshade: I don't care for your greedy exploits, or for your life. All that counts is fighting back the foulness that has befallen the holy realms.
Player: decay
A Bloodshade: The taint of decay will wither and devour any lesser being. But you .. you might prevail.
Player: foulness
A Bloodshade: The scar and void, that the blood gods demise created, still radiated with its divine power. It became an entity of its own. ...
A Bloodshade: A filthy thing of decay and rot. And it grew in power, unchecked. A malicious evil dwelt in its core, while it roamed the once holy grounds with all of its soiling presence. ...
A Bloodshade: It shambled and devoured. Its sustenance were the worshippers of the blood god, dead or alive. None of them escaped the hunger. Eventually even the most mighty gave in. ...
A Bloodshade: The most mighty of all were the dragons, magnificent species of their king. Dragons of might and the olden days. Not the pathetic shadows you know in these days. ...
A Bloodshade: The thing .. infected them, overtook them, made them his and made them him. ...
A Bloodshade: At some point, out of a conscious thought or raw instinct, perhaps even a physical necessity the thing gave birth to two sets of twins. ...
A Bloodshade: Not in any physical sense though. It split aspects of his own, that had befallen some dragons and made them entities of their own. ...
A Bloodshade: Thus, the twins of rot and the twins of 'the light that is not' came to be.
Player: blessing (without all taints)
A Bloodshade: Your body and your mind are not prepared to receive the blessings of the blood god.
Player: hi (after entering blood vestibule)
A Bloodshade: Mortal! If you are on a quest to serve the blood god, my master - be greeted!
Player: quest
A Bloodshade: First, you must fight the two pairs of evil twins that lurk in the realm beyond here. ...
A Bloodshade: Only when you are victorious over all four of them, your path to the source of vileness, the path to Bakragore will be opened. ...
A Bloodshade: And even this victory will only be the beginning.
Player: twins
A Bloodshade: Two sets of twins. Two represent the rot that spreads, tarnishes and dissolves. ...
A Bloodshade: The other pair represent the absence of light, the darkness that devours, the anti-light.
Player: beginning
A Bloodshade: After your first victory, the healing of the place might slowly begin. Yet the wound that is Bakragore will still fester. More victories can weaken the festering even more, yet not without sacrifice.
Player: sacrifice
A Bloodshade: You will acquire a taint, a certain corruption, a touch of decay when you kill the festering spawn and Bakragore, its source.
Player: decay
A Bloodshade: The taint of decay will wither and devour any lesser being. But you .. you might prevail.
Player: prevail
A Bloodshade: You can't escape the taint entirely. Yet you can endure it - at a cost.
Player: cost
A Bloodshade: There are hindrances and weaknesses that come with the taint. ...
A Bloodshade: You will experience that things won't get as easy as they used to be. Only as long as you are in the contaminated areas, but still.