The Pyramids of the Apes Vol. 1
Having experienced the apes as a very primitive culture, the rumors and stories about them living in a pyramid city, not unlike that of the far away Ankrahmun, seemed unbelivable at first. On second thought though we have to admit that we have seen stranger things than this in our lovely world. But how could those primitive apes build a pyramid city like this? How could they aquire such heights of architecture while they can hardly wield a weapon and have only a remote grasp to the concept of clothing? The answer is quite obvious though.
We know that the pyramid architecture of Ankrahmun has been used for its spiritual value long before the reign of Arkhotep. We also know that Ankrahmun is a city of the dead. As a matter of fact it is also true that in Ankrahmun the wisdom of many ages has been gathered and philosophy and science prospered like nowhere else in this world. It is obvious that the pyramids are linked to death and to wisdom somehow. If you put two and two together, you can easily figure out that those pyramids act as a collector of spiritual energy and probably even literally as houses of the dead. Imagine a civilisation that could have conversations with its dead ancestors and draw from the enormous source of their wisdom! Would such a civilisation not prosper like that of Ankrahmun? For sure it would.
But how is this connected to the apes and their pyramids one might ask. The answer is simple: being the primitive beings they are, the apes are unable to build such structures but some spirits of the past with the wisdom of millennia might have that knowledge. We all know that a primitive mind can be easily controlled. So it would be easy for such a spirit to take over control of the simple mind of one or more apes and give them orders. Without knowing what they were doing such mind-controlled apes could have built this city of pyramids. Of course the apes would have no need for such a city, but surely the ghosts or spirits would like to call such a place their home.