Player: hi  
Sandomo: Hm. Greetings.  
Player: mission  
Sandomo: First, you will help us rebuilding this wretched bridge we cannot cross. We need mortar and there are several types of monsters who try to keep us away from it. ...  
Sandomo: Then there is this enormous wall in the distance. Once we crossed the bridge, we will have to breach this monument. As I see it, you are working for the Inquisition now, I will hear no objection. You may even earn our gratitude.  
Player: bridge  
Sandomo: Our brother Mortis is constantly working on keeping the bridge intact. We tried some simple wood planks first but it didn't work out that... well. ...  
Sandomo: What we need is enough mortar to actually build a durable traverse. And we will need even more mortar to maintain it as it constantly gets attacked by vile critters.  
Player: mortar  
Sandomo: We scouted some caves beneath the island which hold plenty of chalk to mix some good mortar. The entrances are not very far from here in fact. ...  
Sandomo: However, the entrances are somewhat... twisted. The entrance we had mapped to a certain cave one day, would lead to a completely different cave on the next. ...  
Sandomo: And even when emerging from one of the caves you never know where you are since its exits are just as deceptive. ...  
Sandomo: Once you gathered some chalk, you should also find gravel on the island. If you have a pick and a bucket, you should be able to collect enough fine gravel to mix some mortar. ...  
Sandomo: Do not forgeet to bring some buckets, if you are in short supply, brother Maun will hand some out to you - for a fee of course.  
Player: bucket  
Sandomo: Head to brother Maun if you are in need of basic supplies. He will help you - for a small fee.  
Player: maun  
Sandomo: Brother Maun is a valuable member of the Inquisition. He will help you out with supplies. Provided you can actually compensate of course.  
Player: supplies  
Sandomo: Head to brother Maun if you are in need of basic supplies. He will help you - for a small fee.  
Player: monster / critters  
Sandomo: Several of the evil critters of this land will simply not cease to attack us and every project we undertook on this island. ...  
Sandomo: They seem to keep us from fixing the giant traverse separating us from the rest of the island and you can see numerous guards in front of the wall even from down here. ...  
Sandomo: There must be ways to draw them away from us - your mission is to find them. Now get to it and keep us these monsters at bay.  
Player: wall  
Sandomo: For all I know, we are about to breach a fortified bastion of pure evil. Once this nichtmare mural falls, we will have access to the whole island. ...  
Sandomo: I will bring every trained man, woman and every volunteer I can muster to this battlefield. We will! Prevail. We will! Throw them back into the abyss they spawned from. ...  
Sandomo: As I did not get that far into the island yet, I cannot give you much advice. Try to use your surroundings. Find something that works and make this wall tumble down. ...  
Sandomo: It would also surely help if we could draw some of the creatures there away from it, as they are surely connected to this thing. I presume it is similar to the creatures guarding the bridge. ...  
Sandomo: Maybe you can make some creatures angry somehow and make them focus on something else? Whatever you do, put your utmost effort into it.  
Player: traverse  
Sandomo: Our brother Mortis is constantly working on keeping the bridge intact. We tried some simple wood planks first but it didn't work out that... well. ...  
Sandomo: What we need is enough mortar to actually build a durable traverse. And we will need even more mortar to maintain it as it constantly gets attacked by vile critters.  
Player: surroundings  
Sandomo: We should really use whatever this wretched island offers us against it. There are many ways to confront an enemy - make something out of everything. Bones, stones, resource deposits...  
Player: job  
Sandomo: I am Sandomo, lightbringer of the inquisition and commander of the Roshamuul mission. Well, at least of what is now left of that mission.  
Player: inquisition  
Sandomo: The inquisition is the cleansing fire of the gods. For only with their guidance we shall purge the land.  
Player: Henricus  
Sandomo: He is an inspiration to us all.  
Player: Roshamuul  
Sandomo: A dreadful and accursed place we have to prospect. I thank the gods that I can see this place so that I can praise the mercy of the divine to spare us from such an abominable fate.  
Player: prospect  
Sandomo: We are here to explore and prospect this desecrated shard of the gods creation. ...  
Sandomo: This island is currently in a state of demonic stranglehold. Yet, the Inquisition WILL win this land back from the grasp of evil. ...  
Sandomo: In my position as of the righteous Inquisition, I hereby declare you adjutant of the Inquisition - basically that means you are under MY command now.  
Player: demonic  
Sandomo: The servants of evil are powerful. Yet armed with faith and side to side with our brothers and sisters, we shall prevail. ...  
Sandomo: This island however, is a different story altogether.  
Player: command  
Sandomo: First, you will help us rebuilding this wretched bridge we cannot cross. We need mortar and there are several types of monsters who try to keep us away from it. ...  
Sandomo: Then there is this enormous wall in the distance. Once we crossed the bridge, we will have to breach this monument. As I see it, you are working for the Inquisition now, I will hear no objection. You may even earn our gratitude.  
Player: gratitude  
Sandomo: Oh, so you want a reward, hm? Well... let's see. What did you do for us - helping Mortis with his repairs and defended him? Or did you help in further destroying the mural amidst hordes of evil?  
Player: repairs  
Sandomo: Alright, so you mixed and delivered 0 mortar and ...  
Sandomo: You killed 0 frazzlemaws and ...  
Sandomo: You also hunted 1 silencers. That would equal 1 of inquisition gold - BUT we are currently short of this valuable metal so... do you want me to add this amount to my books for now or trade it for something else.  
Player: trade  
Sandomo: Ah yes, you currently have 0 of righteously earned inquisition gold in my book. 100 inquisition gold equals one cluster. How many clusters do you want in exchange?  
Player: gold  
Sandomo: Gold? Gold! Yes, well. Gold. Quite the predicament we're currently in here, right? Heh... well, there is not much I can do. ...  
Sandomo: The ways of the inquisition to show gratitude are manyfold. Yes. Well, I hope you have some other important questions, I currently don't have a lot of time on my hands.  
Player: cluster  
Sandomo: Strange things, aren't they? We gathered quite a lot of them when we came here. We actually stockpiled them because we didn't know what... heh, I mean, well. They are of course of much value. ...  
Sandomo: To someone like you, that is. I am perfectly serious about that. Then again, I always am.  
Player: books  
Sandomo: Of course, let's see. Hm, you have earned 1 of righteous inqusition gold. Do you want me to add this amount to my books? This will reset your current records, too, however - so?  
Player: frazzlemaws  
Sandomo: As with the guzzlemaws there seems to be an endless supply of these creatures. A frazzlemaw however, is far larger than the guzzlemaw and even more dangerous. ...  
Sandomo: Remember to keep your distance when fighting them, their bite can not only hurt - you may be swallowed whole. Based on what I found out so far, they seemed to have a false god, the Overmaw.  
Player: guzzlemaw  
Sandomo: There are a lot of these snappy creatures on this island. We cannot say how many but so far we already fought countless specimens while defending the bridge, yet they keep coming. ...  
Sandomo: If you happen to get bitten by one of them and the infected ichor starts spreading on your body... well, try to get rid of that part of your body. Good luck!  
Player: Overmaw  
Sandomo: As far as I could venture, I did some meager studies on the maw creatures. Seem to have some kind of false god. They call it the 'Overmaw' and bow to its will. They erect shrines to its honors all over the island. ...  
Sandomo: If you take one down, they will just create another one on top of it. Maybe keeping these shrines intact but desecrating them in some way, would draw their attention.  
Player: destroying  
Sandomo: So, it seems you sounded 0 horns at the great mural and ...  
Sandomo: You desecrated 0 shrines of the maws that roam these lands. And ...  
Sandomo: You also lured 0 silencers away from the that cursed wall. Oh yes and ...  
Sandomo: You actually eradicated 0 of the wretched eyeballs, Sight of Surrender. ...  
Sandomo: That would equal 0 of inquisition gold - BUT we are currently short of this valuable metal so... do you want me to add this amount to my books for now or trade it for something else.  
Player: Sight of Surrender  
Sandomo: Oh well, these huge eyeballs are not to be trifled with. They can pack a punch and may be the most sturdy living thing I have ever seen in my devoted life in the inquisition. ...  
Sandomo: Try not to attack them with blunt weapons, focus on their head gear and you may... well you may as well just flee before surrendering to them.  
Player: Silencer  
Sandomo: They seem to be very focussed on sounds. They have a distinct siren call and seem to actually 'communicate' with each other. Maybe there is a way to distract them from attacking us when using this against them. ...  
Sandomo: From what I have seen and heard from up here, they are annoyed by extremely loud noises. When I say 'annoyed', I mean they get angry. And when I say 'angry', well those vicious beasts are as fast as lightning and as a demon itself.  
Player: Demon  
Sandomo: The servants of evil are powerful. Yet armed with faith and side to side with our brothers and sisters, we shall prevail. ...  
Sandomo: This island however, is a different story altogether.  
Player: Shock Head  
Sandomo: I do not know a lot about these creatures. If we could only muster enough men, we could probably tame them and use them to transport supplies deeper into the island.  
Player: morax 
Sandomo: Well, That is another story. As an archivist of the inquisition he should have known better than to venture out on his own. I assume he got pretty far. ...
Sandomo: You know, he is not exactly one to be trifled with, yet he is more of a solitary scholar. Help from his brothers? No way. ...
Sandomo: He would rather sit in his tent on his own for days, drinking tea and studying whatever artifact he could find on this wretched island. ...
Sandomo: He would also spend days, arguing with me about my ways - even doubting my command. I did what I could to keep him back but that's what he wanted. ...
Sandomo: This island however... this is something different, I would not wish the evil of this place on anybody. If you can find him... ah better don't tell him anything of what I said.
Player: bye  
Sandomo: Praise the gods, I bid you farewell.  
