Player: hi
Nor: Get lost before I call the guards.
Player: guards / how are you
Nor: Thanks to you making small talk here, I certainly get killed.
Player: name
Nor: If you have to ask, you should not know it.
Player: job
Nor: I'm hunting and fighting like everyone else in the tribes.
Player: sell
Nor: We have little more than we need to survive. The chieftains and the witch take care that we don't have anything too much that we could sell.
Player: shamans
Nor: Our few shamans are directly responsible to the ice witch. They are only allowed to learn things that she teaches them.
Player: druids
Nor: Those druids from the far away lands are strange people. But as long as they help against the ice witch I don't care much.
Player: raiders
Nor: My people are a bit rougher than those you meet in Svargrond but our leaders are responsible for all the cruelty and bloodthirst.
Player: barbarian
Nor: It's a sad thing our people split up. With each year passing, we drift more apart from each other.
Player: yeti
Nor: The yetis are real. I've seen them. Yes, I was drunk but I got sober by the shock over their sight. I barely escaped with my life.
Player: bonelord
Nor: Such strange creatures surely exist only in legends.
Player: chakoya
Nor: The chakoyas are murderous beasts that raid the lands when the summer is unusually warm.
Player: elf
Nor: This magic people are rare in our lands. They seem so fragile. I don't think they could survive here.
Player: dwarf
Nor: I heard those little people are fierce fighters. Perhaps they are related to the chakoyas.
Player: dragons
Nor: Most dragons stay on some remote isle far in the seas. It's a rare occurrence to meet one here.
Player: monster
Nor: You'll find surely enough of them if you're looking around a bit.
Player: enemies
Nor: I think our worst enemy is that witch that rules our tribes.
Player: carlin
Nor: Most of my people blame Carlin for all misery but I know it was the ice witch that is responsible for all our problems.
Player: thais / venore
Nor: That's some far away place.
Player: port hope / edron
Nor: I never heard about this place.
Player: camps
Nor: We have 3 major camps. This is the biggest one of them.
Player: nibelor
Nor: I think the ice witch fears the powers of Nibelor. Else she had already sent her forces to kill the shamans there.
Player: Svargrond
Nor: I would feel uncomfortable in such a so-called city. However, over the years some of our camps have grown to a size that easily resemble a city.
Player: witch / ice shaman
Nor: That witch Yakchal is old but looks young. She is responsible that our people split up when they started to build Svargrond. She's still around after all those years ...
Nor: Only occasionally she visits us in person. Most times she just calls the chieftains to her lair that's hidden somewhere in the mountains.
Player: join / honourary
Nor: I heard that the jarl of Svargrond allows outsiders like you to become honourary barbarians. Such a thing is an outrage to our people .
Player: leader
Nor: Our chieftains rule our tribes only nominally. The true power lies in the hand of that cursed ice witch.
Player: jarl
Nor: The jarl is a good man. If we had such leaders here, we'd have gotten rid of this ice witch years ago.
Player: king
Nor: We have no use for such people in our lands.
Player: queen
Nor: The ice shaman behaves somewhat like a queen or even worse. It is her against whom I'm working, not my people.
Player: cult
Nor: Perhaps it was some cult that drove my people away from the mines. They used powerful magic and demons fought beside them.
Player: mines
Nor: The mines were our territory for some time. But strangers came with powerful magic and drove us away. After a few skirmishes, even the ice witch had to accept that we have not the power to recapture the mines.
Player: everspring
Nor: The afterlife is of no importance to the ice witch. It's the here and now we should care about.
Player: chyll
Nor: The north wind is almost forgotten by my people. The ice witch styles herself as a goddess. It's her we have to present our sacrifices.
Player: year of the serpents
Nor: I've never heard about it.
Player: gods
Nor: We have to take care of ourselves and can't rely on some gods.
Player: zathroth / uman / banor
Nor: I am not too familiar with your foreign gods.
Player: ferumbras
Nor: Sounds like he and the ice witch have some things in common.
Player: excalibug
Nor: Excaliwhat?
Player: bye
Nor: Yes, get lost.
