Player: hi / ashari
Brasith: Ashari Player. Fresh fruits and vegetables just arrived from our harvest.
Player: name
Brasith: I'm Brasith Seedsinger.
Player: job / harvest
Brasith: I sell all the things we grow or gather at this place.
Player: time
Brasith: Sorry, I can't help you.
Player: offer / buy / sell / goods
Brasith: I sell corncobs, cherries, grapes, melons, pumpkins, bananas, strawberries, and carrots. I also sell juice squeezers to make fruit juice. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: crunor
Brasith: We abandoned the gods a long time ago. Shortly after, they abandoned us.
Player: plant / tree
Brasith: Life takes many forms. Plants are a very basic form of life. Their simplicity makes them close to the core of nature.
Player: forest
Brasith: The beauty of a forest is easily missed by the unobservant.
Player: field
Brasith: With the growth of a community comes the need to 'use' nature rather than to 'flow' with nature. This is sad but necessary.
Player: humans
Brasith: They are so many, so aimless, so divided. They have chosen a path I wouldn't want for my own race.
Player: troll
Brasith: I don't claim to understand these creatures but sometimes they are more close to the roots than we are.
Player: dwarfs
Brasith: They work deep in the earth and claim to have lots of knowledge about it. Still, all they know are minerals, they know nothing about the life it stands for.
Player: elves
Brasith: Sadly, our race lacks unity. And the differences we face will grow and grow until eventually there is no race left.
Player: deraisim
Brasith: We still have much to learn but we are on the correct path at least.
Player: kuridai
Brasith: The Kuridai left the true path and don't see their mistake. Their way of living may have been suitable in the past, but if they don't come back to us, their path will lead into darkness.
Player: cenath
Brasith: The Cenath forgot as much as they had learned. I doubt they find the wisdom they are looking for without the things they neglected in their pursuit of knowledge.
Player: abdaisim
Brasith: The Abdaisim are on the true way of our race, maybe even closer than we are. But by abandoning the other elves, they harm themselves more than they realise.
Player: teshial
Brasith: They're lost. If they still exist, they are alone in the cold and the darkness.
Player: roderick
Brasith: His house is out of place in our city which is built in accordance with nature.
Player: olrik
Brasith: This poor human seems to think he can become an elf by spending time with us.
Player: thais
Brasith: I heard only terrible stories about that city.
Player: venore
Brasith: Their traders seem suspiciously friendly. I don't trust them.
Player: carlin
Brasith: The humans of Carlin at least try to live in harmony with nature.
Player: ferumbras
Brasith: He thinks that he's incredibly powerful, but he only owns the mindless power of destruction.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Brasith: Asha Thrazi.