Player: hi / ashari
Briasol: Ashari, Player and welcome to the Jewel Store of Ab'Dendriel.
Player: name
Briasol: I am Briasol Crithanath.
Player: job / store
Briasol: I am a jeweller. I hope you are here for a trade.
Player: time
Briasol: I don't know the time, sorry. I do not care for this concept. Watches are your master, they tell you what to do and when.
Player: news
Briasol: I know nothing of importance.
Player: offer / goods / stuff / buy / sell
Briasol: I sell the finest gems. Ask me for a trade if you're interested.
Player: trade
Briasol: Here, take a look.
Player: crunor
Briasol: Gods are eternal. They learn so much in their existence.
Player: humans
Briasol: I mourn them. As soon as you get to know one he's dead.
Player: troll
Briasol: We take care of them, give them shelter, and a reason to live.
Player: dwarfs
Briasol: They live that long and make not much out of it.
Player: elves
Briasol: Our lifespan is longer then that of other races. We should keep that in mind everytime.
Player: deraisim
Briasol: They hunt for us and patrol the woods.
Player: kuridai
Briasol: Our caste are workers out of passion.
Player: cenath
Briasol: They are the ones responsible for most of the magic and the like in this town.
Player: abdaisim
Briasol: I don't know much about them.
Player: teshial
Briasol: They are lost in time.
Player: roderick
Briasol: I have only little dealings with him.
Player: olrik
Briasol: I only talk to him when I send a parcel to one of my customers in a far away city. He seems friendly and is a bit eager to please.
Player: thais
Briasol: Thais has a high demand on the jewelry that I craft.
Player: venore
Briasol: The tradesmen of Venore offer high prices for my wares.
Player: carlin
Briasol: Carlin is a quite lovely city, given that its a city of humans.
Player: ferumbras
Briasol: He will be gone sooner or later.
Player: excalibug
Briasol: It's a weapon of times long gone. It's lost for our time.
Player: gem
Briasol: You can buy and sell small diamonds, sapphires, rubies, emeralds and amethysts or sell topazes.
Player: pearl
Briasol: There are white and black pearls you can buy or sell, as well as giant green and brown pearls which you can sell.
Player: jewel
Briasol: Currently you can purchase wedding rings, golden amulets, and ruby necklaces. We also buy gold ingots.
Player: talon
Briasol: We don't trade with them.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Briasol: Asha Thrazi.