Player: hi / hello  
Ceiron: Hello there, Player. What do you want?  
Player: job  
Ceiron: Job? I'm a protector of nature if you call this a profession. I'm also a druid of Crunor.  
Player: druid / friend  
Ceiron: It should be the duty of every druid to honour and protect Crunor's creations.  
Player: Crunor  
Ceiron: Crunor is the lord of the trees, full of gentleness and vitality.  
Player: outfit / addon / fur  
Ceiron: What are you thinking! I'd never allow you to slay my beloved friends for the sake of your narcism. Only Faolan can grant you a fur like this one.  
Player: Faolan  
Ceiron: I know where the great wolf mother lives, but I won't tell that to just anyone. You have to earn my respect first by completing my tasks.  
Player: wolf / wolves  
Ceiron: Together we have roamed the wilderness of Tibia, hunting side by side... I prefer the company of wolves to humans. A wolf will not betray its pack.  
Player: task  
Ceiron: Your current task is to take a sample of a special water trickle in the southern Hydra caves in the mountains between Tiquanda and Ankrahmun, Player.  
Player: water  
Ceiron: Did you bring me a sample of the water from the hydra cave?  
Player: no  
Ceiron: I guess that spot is not easy to find. Don't give up.  
Player: demon dust  
Ceiron: Demon dust is the very essence of a demon's malicious core. It can only be retrieved when using a stake blessed by a priest on the fresh corpse.  
Player: bear  
Ceiron: Bears are the darker part of the dark behind the trees, deep in the forest.  
Player: botanist's container  
Ceiron: I can only give you one container, sorry. If you lose it, you have to buy one from a representative of the explorer's society.  
Player: griffinclaw  
Ceiron: The Griffinclaw flower is said to bloom rarely, maybe once each few weeks. Strangely enough, it can survive on the bleak mountains of Nargor, and apparently only there. It is one of Crunor's masterpieces.  
Player: waterskin / skin  
Ceiron: Have you lost my waterskin?  
Player: no  
Ceiron: Good for you.  
Player: waterskin / skin  
Ceiron: Have you lost my waterskin?  
Player: yes  
Ceiron: I can give you a new one, but I fear that I have to take a small fee for it. Would you like to buy a waterskin for 1000 gold?  
Player: no  
Ceiron: Maybe next time. But don't forget, I will not accept a sample of water in some random dirty waterskin!  
Player: waterskin / skin  
Ceiron: Have you lost my waterskin?  
Player: yes  
Ceiron: I can give you a new one, but I fear that I have to take a small fee for it. Would you like to buy a waterskin for 1000 gold?  
Player: yes  
Ceiron: Here. Don't lose it again.  
Player: bye  
Ceiron: May Crunor bless and guide you, Player.  
