Player: hi / hello  
Elf Guard: Ashari, Player. Take care.  
Player: abdaisim  
Elf Guard: The Abdaisim are wanderers. Since they live as nomads and travel the world you won't find them here.  
Player: armor / weapon  
Elf Guard: If you are looking for that kind of equipment you should ask a Kuridai.  
Player: army  
Elf Guard: Such a thing is a human concept. We have no need for that, although some Kuridai might think otherwise.  
Player: bahaha aka  
Elf Guard: This means 'Take your punishment, defiler'.  
Player: carlin  
Elf Guard: This city of humankind is located to the west of our area.  
Player: cenath  
Elf Guard: The Cenath are magic users. Look for them on the upper levels of the town.  
Player: deraisim  
Elf Guard: The Deraisim are scouts and hunters. You may find them on the groundlevel of the city.  
Player: elf / elves  
Elf Guard: The elves of this city are the castes of the Cenath, the Kuridai, and the Deraisim.  
Player: ferumbras  
Elf Guard: He is not allowed to enter this city.  
Player: food  
Elf Guard: Ask some Deraisim where you can get food.  
Player: job / care  
Elf Guard: I am a guardian of this town. I have no time to chat!  
Player: kazordoon  
Elf Guard: The dwarfish settlement is hidden somewhere in the mountains in the south.  
Player: kuridai  
Elf Guard: The Kuridai are the smiths and craftsmen. Look for them in the underground parts of the city.  
Player: name  
Elf Guard: My name is unimportant, only my duty matters.  
Player: spell / magic  
Elf Guard: Ask around in Ab'Dendriel. Many elves can teach you something about magic. The Cenath love magic most of all.  
Player: teshial  
Elf Guard: There are no Teshial.  
Player: thais  
Elf Guard: The city of the humans lies somewhere far to the south beyond the mountains of the dwarfs.  
Player: tha'shi ab'dendriel  
Elf Guard: In the crude human language you would translate it with 'My life for Ab'Dendriel' or even 'I am one with Ab'Dendriel'.  
Player: time  
Elf Guard: It's 8:46 pm.  
Player: town / city / ab'dendriel  
Elf Guard: This is the elven town of Ab'Dendriel.  
Player: bye / Asha Thrazi / farewell  
Elf Guard: Asha Thrazi.  
