Player: hi / ashari
Elvith: Ashari Player and welcome to my little music store.
Player: name
Elvith: I am Elvith Rollingstone.
Player: job
Elvith: I sell musical instruments of many kinds.
Player: time
Elvith: Time has its own song. Close your eyes and listen to the symphony of the seasons.
Player: sing
Elvith: Sorry, but there is a melody in my heart that wants to be born. I would lose it by singing right now.
Player: music
Elvith: Music is an attempt to condense emotions into harmonies and save them for the times to come.
Player: harmonies / melodies / harmony / melody / song
Elvith: Everything is a song. Life, death, history ... everything. To listen to the song of something is the first step to understand it.
Player: magic / spell
Elvith: Sorry, I don't feel like teaching magic today.
Player: crunor
Elvith: That is some god the humans worship. Our people are not interested in this god anymore.
Player: humans
Elvith: They are too loud and don't even understand the concept of a melody.
Player: troll
Elvith: I went down to the mines and tried to lighten up their spirit. The foolish creatures did not listen to my songs, though.
Player: dwarf
Elvith: They could at least use their picks and hammers with more rhythm.
Player: elf / elves
Elvith: We are the most graceful of all races. We feel the music of the universe in our hearts and souls.
Player: deraisim
Elvith: The other Deraisim are much too concerned with mastering nature, and so they don't listen to its music anymore.
Player: kuridai
Elvith: They could dig some halls for a big musical event, but they won't listen to me about that matter.
Player: cenath
Elvith: The Cenath think they know the 'art', but the only true art is music.
Player: abdaisim
Elvith: The wanderers have no patience. You need patience and passion to create and to enjoy music.
Player: teshial
Elvith: I bet they were great musicians.
Player: roderick
Elvith: This man tries too hard not to offend anyone.
Player: olrik
Elvith: He appreciates my music, and though he is as loud and clumsy as any human, it seems not everything is lost.
Player: thais
Elvith: I heard about Thais and it did not sound like a place I'd want to visit.
Player: venore
Elvith: By all what I heard, this city is not only built into a swamp but is a swamp of intrigue and corruption all by itself.
Player: carlin
Elvith: Carlin is a city that thrives for a harmony it can never achive.
Player: ferumbras
Elvith: Only humans made songs about him and his evil deeds.
Player: excalibug
Elvith: There are too many songs about that weapon to retell them all. Most of them are human and therefore quite crude anyways.
Player: elven poetry / song of the forest
Elvith: Sorry, I have no issue of this book left.
Player: elven poetry / song of the forest
Elvith: The last issue I had was bought by Randor Swiftfinger. He was banished through the hellgate and probably took the book with him ...
Elvith: I would not recommend to seek him or the book there but of course its possible.
Player: bye / asha thrazi
Elvith: Asha Thrazi, Player.