Player: hi
Guide Thelandil: Hello there, Player and welcome to Ab'Dendriel! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything besides "information" or "map")
Guide Thelandil: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Thelandil: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temple, the bank, shops, spell trainers and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town / Ab'Dendriel
Guide Thelandil: The elves have constructed Ab'Dendriel mainly in and on trees. There is also a large underground cave system with shops, a prison and troll caves.
Player: shops
Guide Thelandil: You can buy weapons, armor, tools, gems, magical equipment, instruments, furniture, spells and food here.
Player: weapons
Guide Thelandil: Shanar's weapon and armor shop is in the caves under the depot. Irea sells distance weapons and ammunition in the northern part of town.
Player: armor
Guide Thelandil: Shanar's weapon and armor shop is in the caves under the depot.
Player: tools
Guide Thelandil: General goods like ropes and shovels can be bought in Bashira's shop in the caves under the depot.
Player: gems
Guide Thelandil: Briasol is in charge of the gem store. You can find him in the caves under the depot.
Player: magic
Guide Thelandil: Magical equipment like runes and potions can be bought at Shiriel's. Her shop is one floor up, north west of the depot.
Player: instruments
Guide Thelandil: Elvith sells musical instruments in the northern part of town.
Player: furniture
Guide Thelandil: Ukea sells furniture in the western part of town. You have to climb up one floor.
Player: spells
Guide Thelandil: Only druids and paladins can learn spells from the elves here. The trainers are also quite hidden. Faluae, the first spell trainer, usually roams around the area of the depot.
Player: food
Guide Thelandil: Brasith sells all sorts of fruits and vegetables in the very northern part of town. Anerui sells meat north west of the depot.
Player: temple
Guide Thelandil: The temple is built around the elves' holy tree. You can find it north of this harbour.
Player: harbour
Guide Thelandil: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: bank
Guide Thelandil: Finarfin is in charge of the bank. You can find him on the lowest floor of the depot.
Player: spell trainers
Guide Thelandil: Only druids and paladins can learn spells from the elves here. The trainers are also quite hidden. Faluae, the first spell trainer, usually roams around the area of the depot.
Player: depot
Guide Thelandil: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: escort
Guide Thelandil: This service is only for newcomers below level 10. I think you can manage the way on your own! If you need marks on your map, let me know.
Player: world status
Guide Thelandil: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Thelandil: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: map / mark
Guide Thelandil: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Thelandil: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Thelandil: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: post
Guide Thelandil: The post office is just south of the depot.
Player: blessings
Guide Thelandil: Blessings reduce the death penalty, meaning that if you should die, you will lose less experience, fewer skill points and fewer to no items, if you have all five blessings.
Player: name
Guide Thelandil: I'm Thelandil. Nice to meet you.
Player: time
Guide Thelandil: It's 8:26 pm right now. Almost time for my lunch break, so hurry up if you need some information from me!
Player: job
Guide Thelandil: I'm your guide to the beautiful elven town Ab'Dendriel. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: (anything else)
Guide Thelandil: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about this topic.
Player: bye/ farewell
Guide Thelandil: Good bye and enjoy your stay in Ab'Dendriel, Player.
