Player: hi  
Llathriel: I greet thee, Player. What brings you here?  
Player: here/job  
Llathriel: I am a mystic of the Cenath caste.  
Player: mystic  
Llathriel: I connect beings. Souls. Lives. You humans call the ceremony a wedding.  
Player: wedding  
Llathriel: If you wish to initiate a marriage ceremony, each of you need to give me a blank wedding ring and a box with a wedding outfit. Player, do you have a wedding ring and outfit with you and can give them to me now?  
Player: Cenath  
Llathriel: Not all Cenath are as arrogant as our reputation suggests. However, there is sadly some truth in this stereotype.  
Player: ring  
Llathriel: Support the local elfish economy! Briasol here in Ab'Dendriel just happens to have some in stock.  
Player: outfit  
Llathriel: You can buy a box with your wedding outfit from the tailor Norbert in Venore.  
Player: name  
Llathriel: My name is Llathriel Hopedawner.  
Player: elves/elf  
Llathriel: Our people are the children of light and darkness, the heirs of dusk and dawn.  
Player: dwarf  
Llathriel: If you're indicating that our underground tunnels were dug by dwarfs, you're wrong. We just used what was already there. It is not our way to force nature to our will!  
Player: humans  
Llathriel: I've lived among humans for a while and get along with most of them.  
Player : venore  
Llathriel: I cannot understand how one could possibly reside above a swamp. The rotten stench offends my nose even from the dwarf bridge.  
Player: carlin  
Llathriel: The druids of Carlin are striving to live in peace with nature and they're doing quite well, for humans.  
Player: thais  
Llathriel: Don't mention that filth hole in front of me!  
Player: excalibug  
Llathriel: I've heard your legends about that. You humans always believe that power is to be gained through wielding metal. If you lived as long as we do, you would be wiser.  
Player: magic  
Llathriel: Magic surrounds us constantly. Some beings have receptors for this kind of power, like us Cenath.  
Player: cenath  
Llathriel: Not all Cenath are as arrogant as our reputation suggests. However, there is sadly some truth in this stereotype.  
Player: abdaisim  
Llathriel: Unfortunately they left us long ago. But I believe some day we will be united again with both Abdaisim and the long lost Teshial.  
Player: teshial  
Llathriel: The Teshial had impressive powers over dreams and could work their magic in them. Even though they are physically absent, I believe they still exercise their influence over our dreams.  
Player: asha thrazi/bye/farewell  
Llathriel: Asha Thrazi, human child.  
Player: ceremony  
Llathriel: If you wish to initiate a marriage ceremony, each of you need to give me a blank wedding ring and a box with a wedding outfit. Player, do you have a wedding ring and outfit with you and can give them to me now?  
Player: no  
Llathriel: I am afraid that we can't go on. Please come back when you have the necessary items. Rings you can get from many jewellers, but the outfit you must buy from the tailor in Venore.  
Player: citizen/member/home/inhabitants  
Llathriel: To become a child of light and darkness you have to pass through the labyrinth. Enter the teleporter in the middle and you are one of us.  
Player: labyrinth  
Llathriel: You can find it within the city walls in the south-west. The bushes there grow very fast so you would be well advised to take a machete to get through them.  
Player: crunor  
Llathriel: Praise him! The life-giving father of trees. Though many elves have abandoned their belief in our Gods, I worship Crunor, Nera, Priyla and Krynierr.  
Player: Nera  
Llathriel: She's the lady of spring. Just look around you and see her work her magic! Haven't you ever wondered why Ab'Dendriel is always blooming, always green?  
Player: Priyla  
Llathriel: The daughter of the stars and closely related to mystery and magic. What a gift she has given to us!  
Player: Krynierr  
Llathriel: He is also known as 'the silver tongue'. Without his inspiration, poetry, love and music would be unknown art forms in Tibia. He enriches our spiritual lives.  
Player: deraisim  
Llathriel: Our Deraisim brothers and sisters are skilled huntsmen and providers of food.  
Player: divorces  
Llathriel: A divorce? You humans never cease to amaze me. Sorry, but what I have bound is meant to last for eternity. Maybe you'll find another priest for that if you're desperate enough.  
Player: king/tibianus  
Llathriel: From what humans tell me, he is supposed to be a wise man. To us elves he seems like a young and inexperienced adolescent  
Player: kuridai  
Llathriel: The Kuridai are quite hot-tempered, especially for elves. They would never accept humans in Ab'dendriel if it wasn't for the other castes, who protect your interests.  
Player: mystic  
Llathriel: I connect beings. Souls. Lives. You humans call the ceremony a wedding.  
Player: news  
Llathriel: I heard the new human settlement in the west has become independent from the human empire.  
Player: time  
Llathriel: Love is timeless. At least for elves. Humans may have a different view on that.  
