Player: hi / hello / ashari  
Olrik: Greetings, Player. This is the post office. May I help you? Ask me for a trade if you want to buy something. I can also explain the mail system.  
Player: buy / offer / stuff / goods / sell / equipment / ware  
Olrik: I sell parcels and letters. Ask me for a trade if you're interested. I can also explain how the mail system works.  
Player: kevin / postner  
Olrik: He is the boss. There is always some boss, so I don't bother about that.  
Player: postmasters guild  
Olrik: Ah, they pay me and I do my work and that's it. Its some nice extra cash but I don't care much about that guild.  
Player: join  
Olrik: If you really think you have to join the postmasters guild, ask Kevin Postner at the headquarters.  
Player: headquarter  
Olrik: The postmasters guild headquarters are located south of the mountain known as the Big Old One, where the city of Kazordoon can be found.  
Player: job  
Olrik: I am a servant of the ambassador and running the post office. Ask me if you have questions about the Royal Tibia Mail System.  
Player: name  
Olrik: My name is Olrik.  
Player: time  
Olrik: It's 8:16 am.  
Player: elves  
Olrik: What a noble and graceful race.  
Player: dwarfs  
Olrik: Uhm, let's say I prefer the company of elves.  
Player: carlin  
Olrik: A city full of women, who surely have only ever known total whimps instead of real brave men like me, has some appeal.  
Player: venore  
Olrik: Those generous merchants are charming people. I am always looking forward to their visits.  
Player: humans  
Olrik: I feel so clumsy around those elves.  
Player: troll  
Olrik: What nasty creatures.  
Player: cenath  
Olrik: They are so wise and have a mystic aura around them.  
Player: kuridai  
Olrik: They are so diligent in the things they do and such awesome fighters!  
Player: deraisim  
Olrik: They are so familiar with the woods and move with unparalleled grace.  
Player: abdaisim  
Olrik: I look forward to meeting them one day.  
Player: teshial  
Olrik: I wonder where they have gone.  
Player: ferumbras  
Olrik: I heard he is dead, which is a good thing.  
Player: crunor  
Olrik: I honour all gods.  
Player: tibianus  
Olrik: He is our beloved ruler.  
Player: roderick  
Olrik: The ambassador is the best choice for this position of responsibility.  
Player: excalibug  
Olrik: Pardon?  
Player: news  
Olrik: We learn few important things about the tides of time here.  
Player: magic  
Olrik: You should talk to the elves about that.  
Player: depot  
Olrik: Each major city has at least one depot. Just step in front of one of the lockers and you can store items inside. Your mail will also arrive there. It doesn't matter which depot you stored it in - you can retrieve all your items from any depot in any city!  
Player: trade  
Olrik: Here. Don't forget that you need to buy a label too if you want to send a parcel. Always write the name of the receiver in the first line and make sure you entered it correctly.  
Player: poetry  
Olrik: Do you want to buy a poetry parchment for 60 gold?  
Player: yes  
Olrik: Here you are.  
Player: special  
Olrik: Oh, once you have tasted the elven bug milk you will never want to drink anything else again.  
Player: mail / help / info / post  
Olrik: With our mail system you can send letters and parcels to other Tibians. I can either explain how letters and parcels work or sell them to you if you ask me for a trade.  
Player: receiver  
Olrik: Well, the receiver - or addressee - is the person you want to send mail to. Always make sure to enter his or her name correctly.  
Player: send  
Olrik: Drag and drop a letter or a parcel on the blue mailbox to send it. However, you need to include the name of the receiver. If the sending fails, you most likely made a mistake.  
Player: label  
Olrik: If you want to buy a label, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how labels work?  
Player: explain  
Olrik: Including a label in your parcel is important. Imagine you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais. Use the label - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Check the spelling and put it in your parcel! ...  
Olrik: Then drag your parcel on one of the blue mailboxes here to send it.  
Player: letter  
Olrik: If you want to buy a letter, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how letters work?  
Player: explain  
Olrik: With a letter you can send a message to another Tibian's depot. If you want to send it to 'Ben' in Thais, use the letter - so that a form opens - and write 'Ben' in the first line. Write your message below that. ...  
Olrik: Then drag your letter on one of the blue mailboxes here to send it.  
Player: parcel  
Olrik: If you want to buy a parcel, ask me for a trade. Or do you want me to explain how parcels work?  
Player: explain  
Olrik: In a parcel you can send items to another Tibian's depot. Put your items into the parcel and also place a completed label with the name of the receiver inside. Then drag your parcel on one of the blue mailboxes here to send it.  
Player: address  
Olrik: The first line of the address on a label or letter is the name of the receiver. Make sure to enter the name correctly for the parcel to reach the desired destination.  
Player: box  
Olrik: Drag and drop a letter or a parcel on the blue mailbox to send it. However, you need to include the name of the receiver. If the sending fails, you most likely made a mistake.  
Player: bye / farewell / asha thrazi  
Olrik: Farewell, Player.  
