Player: hi
Kasmir: May Daraman enlighten you Simula!
Player: name
Kasmir: Kasmir Ibn Darasir.
Player: job
Kasmir: I am a healer and chosen of Daraman.
Player: time
Kasmir: Now, it is 2:11 am.
Player: how are you
Kasmir: Thank you, I'm fine and my soul is strong.
Player: healer
Kasmir: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: chosen / heaven
Kasmir: Daraman had a vision that all mortals are able to ascend to heaven, becoming celestial beings.
Player: celestial
Kasmir: By enhancing one's soul a mortal can ascend to heaven. If you are not prepared to ascend, you are bound to this world by reincarnation.
Player: reincarnation
Kasmir: If your soul is not strong and purified, you will not ascend but return to life on death, even losing strength in the process.
Player: soul
Kasmir: The soul was made by the gods and therefore is divine. So by enhancing its divinity it can become more like the image of its creators.
Player: Daraman
Kasmir: Daraman travelled the world and learned the secrets of the ancients. At last he learned the secret of ascension and founded his philosophy.
Player: philosophy
Kasmir: Daraman led his followers to this promised land to follow his teachings. It was named Darama after him later.
Player: tibia
Kasmir: The world is only a portal the gods created to allow our ascension to heaven.
Player: soul
Kasmir: The soul was made by the gods and therefore is divine. So by enhancing its divinity it can become more like the image of its creators.
Player: life
Kasmir: Life is divine though not without flaws.
Player: fight / slay
Kasmir: Fight is unavoidable sometimes. Make sure only your body is hurt but not your soul.
Player: necromancer
Kasmir: Undeath is even worse than reincarnation. Those souls are nothing but a rotting mockery of a soul on the path of ascension.
Player: donation / money / gold
Kasmir: Do you want to make a donation?
Player: no
Kasmir: As you wish.
Player: yes <green sparkles>
Kasmir: May Daraman guide your quest for ascension.
Player: sell
Kasmir: Go to the bazaar if you are interested in worldly wealth.
Player: citizen
Kasmir: The people are too concerned about the illusions of the moment and care less and less about Daraman's philosophy.
Player: caliph
Kasmir: The caliph is heavily involved in the affairs in the world, but one has to make this sacrifice for the welfare of all.
Player: monster
Kasmir: They misuse their god given souls for evil and must be destroyed.
Player: mission / quest
Kasmir: Your quest should be to prepare your soul for ascension.
Player: sin
Kasmir: Do you whish to confess your sins?
Player: no
Kasmir: As you wish.
Player: yes
Kasmir: So what does trouble your soul, pilgrim?
Player: <any word>
Kasmir: Meditate on that and try harder to improve soul.
Player: marriage / ceremony
Kasmir: You want me to initiate a marriage ceremony?
Player: ferumbras
Kasmir: His soul is corrupted beyond any hope for ascension.
Player: excalibug
Kasmir: Your greed for such items can easily corrupt your soul.
Player: fardos
Kasmir: Fardos is the creator. It was his work that we possess divine souls.
Player: uman
Kasmir: Uman is the positive aspect of magic. His powers flow through each Tibian, making us his children.
Player: suon
Kasmir: Suon is the sun. He watches our ascension.
Player: crunor
Kasmir: Crunor is the force of life and part of our all being.
Player: nornur
Kasmir: Nornur is the mysterious god of fate. Daraman taught us that he is the judge who allows ascension.
Player: bastesh
Kasmir: Bastesh is the goddess of the seas, and deep as the see is our soul, indeed.
Player: kirok
Kasmir: Kirok is called the mad one. He gifted us with the creativity to achive our ascension.
Player: toth
Kasmir: Toth is the final judge. The unworthy are condemened to reincarnation.
Player: banor
Kasmir: Banor is the very proof that ascension is possible.
Player: tibiasula
Kasmir: Though this entity is dead, Tibiasula's energy is present in all of us.
Player: zathroth
Kasmir: Zathroth is the corruptor of souls who does not want mortals to ascend and become more like him.
Player: fafnar
Kasmir: Fafnar is a test for our endurance and dilligence.
Player: brog
Kasmir: Brog's hot blood is in our veins, tempting us and distracting us from improvement of our souls.
Player: urgith
Kasmir: The bonemaster is strong in the ruins of Drefia. There you can test the braveness of your soul ... or lose it to his minions.
Player: archdemons
Kasmir: They are soulless and therefore without true power in the end.
Player: sula
Kasmir: Sula is the raw force of water.
Player: air
Kasmir: Air is without true mind and meaning.
Player: fire
Kasmir: Fire is without true mind and meaning.
Player: bye
Kasmir: Good bye, Simula. May Daraman's all-seeing eye watch your travels!
Kasmir: Gone like a Djinn...