Player: hi
Kazzan: Feel welcome in the lands of the children of the enlightened Daraman, Player.
Player: name
Kazzan: I am Kazzan Ibn Gadral, caliph of Darama.
Player: job
Kazzan: I am the caliph of the children of Daraman. It is my privilege and mission to ensure their safety.
Player: how are you
Kazzan: I am fine, thank you.
Player: caliph
Kazzan: A caliph is a leader of his people, just like a king.
Player: Daraman
Kazzan: Daraman led our ancestors to the continent Darashia to live a life of simplicity and meditation.
Player: mission
Kazzan: There is nothing you can do for me right now but thank you for offering your help.
Player: king / thais / tibianus
Kazzan: Tibianus is the shepherd of the lost souls of the so called Thaian empire.
Player: army / guard
Kazzan: Our people are well prepared to fight for their land and their souls.
Player: enemy / enemies
Kazzan: The necromancers of Drefia fell under the wrath of the djinns once. If they challenge us again, they might lose more than a city.
Player: Drefia
Kazzan: When the djinns destroyed the better part of the unholy town in their wrath, the brotherhood hid like worms in the sand.
Player: brotherhood
Kazzan: The Brotherhood of Bones came here fleeing some war on the continent. They corrupted the settlers of the Thaian colony with ease.
Player: minotaur
Kazzan: The minotaurs are another test we have to endure. They inhabit the pyramid which is taboo for our people, as Daraman taught us.
Player: taboo
Kazzan: Daraman knew our souls might get corrupted by the things hidden there.
Player: god
Kazzan: The gods are powerful but it's ultimately up to us to work on our souls' ascension.
Player: kazordoon / dwarf
Kazzan: We have lost contact with the dwarven people of Kazordoon.
Player: carlin
Kazzan: We keep in touch with the queen, but we have not taken sides in the conflict of Carlin and Thais ... yet.
Player: excalibug
Kazzan: Once a djinn claimed to have seen it in a dream. I guess it's just that, some dream of a supernatural creature.
Player: bye
Kazzan: May your soul flourish, Player.
Kazzan: May your soul flourish.
