Player: hi / hello  
Omrabas: At last, a visitor! Welcome to my... humble abode.  
Player: army  
Omrabas: <scoffs> The Tibian king's parthetic soldiers, do you mean? Or are you alluding to... <falls silent>  
Player: blood  
Omrabas: The sap of life. The juice of the living, the flow of the carnal energies... <sighs wistfully> Oh, to feel it rushing through my veins once again!  
Player: blood priest  
Omrabas: If you want my opinion, they're just bloated necromancers, really. Upstart, pretentious lot! Highly... specialised in the uses of blood, though, which can be useful at times.  
Player: conspired  
Omrabas: I know he used my pupils against me, and when I am back in the flesh, he will pay! ...  
Omrabas: Never again will I be fooled by other dark brothers. Treacherous lot, all of them... <grumble> <mumble>  
Player: demon skeleton  
Omrabas: Much better servants than simple skeletons. The binding spells are quite complex, though, but the effort is well worth it.  
Player: dragonbone  
Omrabas: The Dragonbone Cemetery? Not far from here. Old dragons lay there down to die, it is presumed. Or maybe they were slain there. Or died from a mysterious illness. ...  
Omrabas: Anyway, lots of dragon bones there. Skulls, horns, ribs... Only place to find dragon tears, strange things, but that subject requires more study.  
Player: Drefia  
Omrabas: The sunken, undead soul of Darashia. The breathing, beautiful corpse of a once lively city, glowing darkly, unhealthily, gloriously... but I get carried away.  
Player: ghost  
Omrabas: Many restless souls roam the sunken graveyards of Drefia. ...  
Omrabas: Whole families are buried here, so if you're on the search for relatives, just visit the crypts, you might meet them ...  
Omrabas: ... though not in the flesh, as it were. <cackles>  
Player: ghoul  
Omrabas: Useless, slobbering things. Only on the lookout for food.  
Player: gravedigger  
Omrabas: Nasty little creatures, aren't they? The result of a failed experiment, but the theory was sound. They can be useful, if you know how to tame them.  
Player: grim reaper  
Omrabas: Some Grim Reapers haunt a forsaken temple deep under Drefia. Only people with a death wish would venture there!  
Player: help  
Omrabas: <scoffs> Help me? You? I don't think so. Come back when you are more experienced in the ways of Drefia.  
Player: job  
Omrabas: I used to be a famous necromancer in my lifetime. However, some... people... conspired against me, and the result you see before you.  
Player: king  
Omrabas: That king above ground? He's been in charge for quite a while, I understand. No serious rivals, eh? Lucky him.  
Player: lich  
Omrabas: Simple transformation, but not without use. Good servants. Can be quite clever.  
Player: mission  
Omrabas: Help me? You? I don't think you are ready for that yet. Come back when you are more experienced in the ways of Drefia.  
Player: mummy  
Omrabas: Very single-minded. Smelly. Tend to burn easily.  
Player: name  
Omrabas: Did I not mention it? You have the exceptional honour of meeting the soul of Omrabas the Black. Presently residing inside this skull.  
Player: necromancer  
Omrabas: Ha. Ungrateful imbecile lot. After all I've done for them in my lifetime... <grumble> , <mutter>...  
Player: pharaoh  
Omrabas: We always shared a... common interest in undeath.  
Player: priestess  
Omrabas: Ah, our dark, stern beauties. Skilled with herbs and masterly dancers. Only drawback is, they charge you heavily for their services.  
Player: ritual  
Omrabas: All in good time. <cackles>  
Player: shadow pupil  
Omrabas: PSST! Keep your voice down, will you? Strange things they do, and - well, just be careful mentioning them, and watch your back around them.  
Player: skeleton  
Omrabas: Besides simple guardings tasks? Hmm. Not very resourceful. And they tend to fall apart.  
Player: tibia  
Omrabas: These lands are ripe for the taking. Give me an army of undead, and... <cackles>  
Player: tibianus  
Omrabas: He's been in charge for quite a while, I understand. No serious rivals, eh? Lucky him.  
Player: undead  
Omrabas: Yes, obviously I am one of the numerous undead here. We are in Drefia, after all.  
Player: vampire  
Omrabas: Parasites. Came here to profit from our experiments and blood reserves. Arrogant lot, too. Keep to themselves, luckily.  
Player: zombie  
Omrabas: Can be useful. Have an unhealthy appetite, though.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Omrabas: Are you mocking me? Get lost!  
