On Magic Paraphernalia (Donated to the royal library of Bounac by the venerable knight and scholar Galthen)

Preamble

To raise a question of this magnitude, in times like these and with my record of catastrophic events related to magical items, is problematic at best. Yet, I have to ask: is malice at the core of all magic?
And it will remain a question, open to academic dispute. The implications and consequences to be pondered by those that come long after me - at least from my current point of view. As I have dedicated my life to an oath which I once gave, I spent most of my years on this world's soil discovering and destroying artefacts of old, magical contraptions and mystic relics. Never once did I find goodness at the root of such devices, never once was the outcome of dealings with the arcane a boon to any of those involved. I made this decision a long time ago and even before, in times I was but a child, the mere thought of a talisman or charm would make my guts rebel and darken my mind.
My life and my travels, the struggles and deprivations led me to a singular conclusion and clear answer to the question I raised. Yet the author of this disquisition will abide and refrain from speculation. I hereby present but the facts and evidence of the effects of magic upon this world and its creatures. According to my studies and personal research and the kind help of the most helpful individuals Spectulus and Sinclair in the Edron academy. My thorough research was also possible thanks to the flourishing enclave of Bounac. Which I was humbled to be invited to stay at by behest of king Kesar himself. A safe haven during several of my expeditions.

Contents
I Magical Weapons - The Ends Justify the Needs
II Magical Potions - In Wine there is Truth, in Water there is Health
III Magical Contraptions - The Biter will be Bitten
IV Spells - As the Question, so the Answer
V Artefacts - Classifaction and Organization
VI Relics - Seek and you shall find
VII Curses (abridged)
VIII Appendices

I Magical Weapons (The Ends Justify the Needs)
Before we delve into the muck of current state affairs, the politics of war and the valid but ultimately one-dimensional point of it all, we need to look at the basics of magical enchantment and the creation of mighty armament.
(The book goes on about the various topics, the writing seems driven and determined but neutral and fair for the majority of content.)