Player: hi
Hjaern: Be greeted, Player The spiritual world looks upon you and your deeds.
Player: how are you
Hjaern: My spirit and my body are in harmony with the environment.
Player: name
Hjaern: The spirits call me by the name of Hjaern and that is how I shall be known.
Player: job / spiritual
Hjaern: I would not consider this as a job. But one of my responsibilities is the training of young shamans. Even druids can learn a few new tricks from me.
Player: trade
Hjaern: If you want to sell frostheart shards, that's excellent. We can use all of them.
Player: sell
Hjaern: I am not selling items but I do teach some spells.
Player: spells
Hjaern: I can teach you rune spells and instant spells. What kind of spell do you wish to learn? You can also tell me for which level you would like to learn a spell, if you prefer that.
Player: news
Hjaern: The news I receive are from the spiritual world. They would be of little importance for you.
Player: rumour
Hjaern: Months ago, many strange looking people passed Svargrond. The inhabitants tell stories about a cult they belong to. ...
Hjaern: It is rumoured that they are trying to awake unholy spirits in the mountains. Maybe other people know more about that cult.
Player: frostheart
Hjaern: Do you bring frostheart shards for our spell?
Player: yes
Hjaern: Excellent, you brought 2 of them. Here are 4000 gold pieces. You can also ask me for a trade to sell those.
Player: no
Hjaern: Please bring us all shards you might find.
Player: <random word>
Hjaern: I see.
Player: shamans
Hjaern: We try to figure out the will of the spirits and ways to appease them.
Player: druids
Hjaern: Druids have much in common with us. We shared much knowledge with each other and both sides did prosper.
Player: raiders
Hjaern: They were mislead by a traitorous shaman who lost herself to the dark side of the world of spirits.
Player: barbarian
Hjaern: The word barbarian is hard to translate into your language and I am aware it's used in your language with a different meaning. ...
Hjaern: It could be roughly translated into 'those who truly are alive' but that does not represent all it stands for. ...
Hjaern: To truly understand the meaning, you will have to look around and learn on your own.
Player: enemies
Hjaern: The true enemies are those that you can't see. There are more things in this world than you have ever dreamt of.
Player: monster
Hjaern: Even the so-called monsters have their place in the world.
Player: yeti
Hjaern: The yetis are real. They are elusive but dangerous. Some say they are rather residents of the spirits' world than ours. The spirits are silent about them which is an even greater enigma.
Player: bonelord
Hjaern: I don't know about such creatures.
Player: chakoya
Hjaern: The chakoyas are like a force of nature. It would be wrong to try to exterminate them. On the other hand, we can't allow their carnivorous nature to threaten our lives.
Player: elf
Hjaern: Elves are hardly known here.
Player: dwarf
Hjaern: The little people are a rare sight on Nibelor.
Player: venore / carlin / thais
Hjaern: The far away cities of men, as famous as they might be, are nothing than distant echoes over here.
Player: edron / port hope
Hjaern: The spirits don't talk about such far away places.
Player: svargrond
Hjaern: The city was a necessity. Just like the spirit needs a haven of safety and retreat, so does the body need it.
Player: nibelor
Hjaern: At this place the spirits are strong, their voices are loud, and the border between the worlds is thin. Here we divine the will of the spirits and communicate with them. ...
Hjaern: Our live is a constant learning from the spirits around us and this is the place where we come to learn more.
Player: camps
Hjaern: The raiders have at least three camps to the south but raiding parties can be encountered almost everywhere.
Player: Barbarian Test / join
Hjaern: To become one of us is a long way. To reach an honour rank in our society, talk to Sven the Younger about the barbarian test.
Player: jarl
Hjaern: Sven the younger is a good spokesperson for his people. He knows what to do in a case of urgency and this is what counts. This earns him the respect that is necessary to succeed as a leader.
Player: king / queen
Hjaern: There should be no such thing like a human that is ruling over the lives of other humans.
Player: cult
Hjaern: We had no contact with the people that passed Svargrond. Their arrival has caused some disturbance in the spirits' world though. ...
Hjaern: Ancient spirits are restless. It seems that some things that should have been left alone, have awoken from their slumber. I can't tell more yet.
Player: mines
Hjaern: The obsession of the foreigners with those mines is not understandable. Why bind onself to such elusive things like material possessions?
Player: everspring
Hjaern: All spirits will finally end up in Everspring. There, the spirit that you forged during lifetime will take its true form. The coward will be revealed as well as the virtuous. This will mark you forever as hunter or as prey.
Player: chyll
Hjaern: Father north wind is the supreme ruler of the North. His ways are almost unpredictable to us humans since his thoughts span ages. ...
Hjaern: We can only do our best to interpret his will correctly and act accordingly. One has to move with the wind after all, else it will destroy you. This is the way things are here in the North and the way of our people.
Player: year of the serpents
Hjaern: The serpents came here many years ago but they are gone now. There was a strange shift in power while they terrorised the coasts. ...
Hjaern: The spirits spoke about some foreign power. There must have been some artificial influence behind all this.
Player: gods / zathroth / banor / uman
Hjaern: Your foreign gods are concepts we don't really understand.
Player: ferumbras
Hjaern: He is of no importance here.
Player: excalibug
Hjaern: That's something I only heard about in curious questions of people like you.
Player: bye
Hjaern: Good bye, Player
