Player: hi
Nilsor: Greetings, traveller Player Is there anything I can do for you?
Player: how are you
Nilsor: I am fine as long as my dogs are fine.
Player: name
Nilsor: I am Nilsor.
Player: do for you / job
Nilsor: I see after the dogs. I try to be a good friend and pack leader for them. Oh and I can offer you a passage to Svargrond.
Player: passage
Nilsor: Do you want to travel to Svargrond?
Player: yes
Nilsor: And here we go.
Player: no
Nilsor: As you wish.
Player: waterskin
Nilsor: Do you want to buy a special waterskin for 25 gold?
Player: yes
Nilsor: Thank you. Here it is.
Player: no
Nilsor: You will know if you need one or not.
Player: sell
Nilsor: I don't sell anything. Don't even think about getting one of my dogs!
Player: news
Nilsor: I don't care much about the gossip that people are constantly spreading.
Player: rumour
Nilsor: Okay, I tell you what.......A fisherman from Svargrond was near Okolnir when he saw it. A frozen dragon! But all of a sudden it was gone. The question is did that poor dead creature disappear or was that fisherman telling lies?
Player: Barbarian Test / join / honourary
Nilsor: I heard you can become a honourary barbarian by passing a test. Better ask the jarl about it.
Player: jarl / leader
Nilsor: Having a jarl as a leader seems acceptable, at least for human standards.
Player: shamans
Nilsor: We are the contact to the spirit world as well as the protector of the natural balance.
Player: druids
Nilsor: The druids are not that far away from the truth we have already seen.
Player: raiders
Nilsor: The raiders are sometimes worse than rabid wolves. They even kill for the killing sake.
Player: barbarians
Nilsor: A barbarian can be as mean and destructive as any other human.
Player: yeti
Nilsor: Humans would be well advised to leave the elusive yeti alone.
Player: bonelord
Nilsor: Such creatures seem unnatural to me.
Player: chakoya
Nilsor: The chakoyas have a strong brute side. It would be wrong to condemn them for that.
Player: dwarf / elf
Nilsor: They seem to be just another human breed.
Player: enemies
Nilsor: There are several natural threats.
Player: monster
Nilsor: The humans are the true monsters.
Player: king
Nilsor: Only humans could come up with a concept where heritage replaces competence.
Player: queen
Nilsor: Only humans could come up with a concept where heritage replaces competence.
Player: cult
Nilsor: Humans sometimes get strange ideas if they are too ambitious.
Player: mines
Nilsor: I couldn't care less about the fate of those mines.
Player: chyll
Nilsor: The wisdom of the north wind is beyond our comprehension. We are all but snowflakes in the wind.
Player: year of the serpents
Nilsor: I don't know why they disappeared so suddenly. I hope nothing bad happened to those poor creatures.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Nilsor: To worship some distant gods seems more useless to me than the howling of a wolf to the moon.
Player: ferumbras
Nilsor: A perfect example of what is wrong with humanity.
Player: excalibug
Nilsor: I have no idea.
Player: nibelor
Nilsor: Here we have some peace from the daily life of our fellow humans that would only distract us.
Player: camps
Nilsor: The raiders seem to have several bigger camps. Though, I have no clue where they are.
Player: thais / venore / carlin
Nilsor: Such far away places are of no concern here.
Player: edron / port hope
Nilsor: I don't care about far away places.
Player: svargrond
Nilsor: I don't like big cities. They make me and my dogs nervous.
Player: everspring
Nilsor: In Everspring the proud wolves will hunt along with the bravest hunters.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Nilsor: To worship some distant gods seems more useless to me than the howling of a wolf to the moon.
Player: bye
Nilsor: Bye, Player
Nilsor: Bye.
