Player: Hi
Lugri: What is it that you want, Player?
Player: how are you
Lugri: Fine, thank you for asking - I mean - I revel in the rising tide of evil and darkness that is engulfing this land, and I am loving every minute of it!
Player: Name
Lugri: My name is Lugri.
Player: Job
Lugri: I am a priest of Zathroth, the bringer of dark secrets.
Player: Time
Lugri: Who cares?
Player: news
Lugri: You will soon see the 'news' with your own eyes, so be watchful! <chuckle>
Player: sell
Lugri: I'm in the death business. You really wouldn't like what I have to offer.
Player: tibia
Lugri: The world of Tibia is there to be taken by the strongest. When the time is right, it will fall like an overripe plum...
Player: King
Lugri: This puny king is no threat for our master's plans.
Player: kingsday
Lugri: Oh please. Leave me alone with that rubbish.
Player: Mission / Quest / survival / supremacy
Lugri: Aren't we all on a quest for survival and supremacy?
Player: Fight
Lugri: Life is an eternal fight!
Player: Life
Lugri: Life is war. It's about survival of the fittest.
Player: slay
Lugri: The weak have to be slain by the strong!
Player: Help
Lugri: If you cant help yourself you are not worth of my assistance.
Player: heal
Lugri: Your wounds are your problem, not mine.
Player: People / citizen
Lugri: The people of Tibia are sheep, so be smart and strong enough to become their wolf.
Player: Monsters
Lugri: They are a challenge to sift the chaff from the wheat.
Player: Goshnar
Lugri: The necromant king was only defeated by the nightmare knights due to a bad twist of fate.
Player: Pits Of Inferno
Lugri: After the ruthless seven conquered it, it's again a holy place for the followers of the dark path.
Player: Excalibug
Lugri: It's existence is just a lie to inspire hope and bravery in the hearts of the followers of good.
Player: Necromants Nectar
Lugri: That's none of your business!
Player: ferumbras
Lugri: He is one of Zathroth's most devoted followers and wields special powers, given to him by the Dark One.
Player: the first dragon
Lugri: So many claimed to have found and slain him but they had nothing to prove it.
Player: priest
Lugri: I'm a servant of the only true God - Zathroth. As such I can also carry out divorces. Just in case you're interested.
Player: divorces
Lugri: Spreading anguish and divorcing couples are fun leisure activities. Are you married, you fool?
Player: no
Lugri: Then let us leave it at that.
Player: yes
Lugri: I can divorce you. Just so you know. Is that a spark of interest in your eyes?
Player: no
Lugri: Then get lost before I do it anyway.
Player: yes
Lugri: Sacrifice 10000 gold coins to the great Zathroth and I'll call upon him to break that unholy bond. What do you say?
Player: no
Lugri: Then get lost and languish in your misery.
Player: Gods
Lugri: The gods of darkness give us the chance to reach our whole potentials, the gods of good want to capture us in eternal stasis!
Player: evil / Darkness
Lugri: The glorious Gods of Darkness are Zathroth, Fafnar, Brog, Urgith, and the Archdemons. May they be praised!
Player: Zathroth
Lugri: Zathroth represents the true and unbound power of magic. He is the keeper of Great Secrets.
Player: Fafnar
Lugri: Fafnar is the power of the sun. She burns the weak to ashes.
Player: Brog
Lugri: Brog, the Raging One, the Great Destroyer, the Berserker of Darkness ... he has many names, but each inspires fear in the prudent.
Player: Urgith
Lugri: Urgith is the master of the undead. The Bonemaster is also patron of damned souls.
Player: Archdemons
Lugri: The demons are powerful followers of Zathroth. Their leaders are known as the ruthless seven.
Player: Ruthless Seven
Lugri: Infernatil, Pumin, Verminor, Tafariel, Apocalypse, Bazir and Ashfalor.
Player: Infernatil
Lugri: The incendiary of hell.
Player: Pumin
Lugri: He is the Lord of Despair.
Player: Verminor
Lugri: Ah, the Plaguelord.
Player: Tafariel
Lugri: She is the Mistress of the Damned! Rewarding or torturing, it is the same for her victims!
Player: Apocalypse
Lugri: It is said even speaking its TRUE name will bring total destruction upon you! <takes a step back from you>
Player: Bazir
Lugri: He is the Great Deciver, the Lord of Lies.
Player: Ashfalor
Lugri: The right hand of Urgith. The general of the Undead Hordes.
Player: Good / Light
Lugri: The so-called Gods of Good are Fardos, Uman, the Elements, Suon, Crunor, Nornur, Bastesh, Kirok, Toth, and Banor.
Player: Fardos
Lugri: Fardos is the creator. He is a helpless watcher whose 'creation' is far more then he bargained for.
Player: Uman
Lugri: Uman is a jealous keeper of magic. He shares only fragments of his knowledge with the mortals. To be strong one must take, not wait to be given, with Gods like that!.
Player: Suon
Lugri: Suon is one of the suns of our world. He gives his light mindlessly to the weak and the strong alike.
Player: Crunor
Lugri: Crunor is the God of nature, of plants and trees ... and plants and trees are there to be stomped upon and burnt!
Player: Nornur
Lugri: Nornur claims to be a God of Fate without even understanding the ways of fate at all.
Player: Bastesh
Lugri: Bastesh is so afraid that she hides in the depth of the seas.
Player: Kirok
Lugri: Kirok, the Mad One, is the patron of scientists and jesters, more a nuisance than a God.
Player: Toth
Lugri: Toth is just the undertaker for the other 'gods of good'.
Player: Banor
Lugri: Banor isn't a God at all, merely one of their tools. Is it not stupidity to worship a tool?
Player: tibiasula
Lugri: Zathroth took her life, recoginzig it was necessary for the process of creation.
Player: Elements
Lugri: The Elements are Tibia, Sula, Air and Fire.
Player: Tibia
Lugri: Tibia is just the mindless elemental power of earth.
Player: Sula
Lugri: Sula is just the mindless elemental power of water.
Player: Air
Lugri: Air is just a mindless elemental force.
Player: Fire
Lugri: Fire is just a mindless elemental force.
Player: Donation / gold / money
Lugri: Do you want to make a donation?
Player: no
Lugri: As you wish.
Player: Yes
Lugri: May the gods of darkness bless you!
Player: Yes
Lugri: Don't be ashamed but you lack the gold.
Player: death to noodles
Lugri: So, I guess you have brought me a magic crystal?
Player: yes
Lugri: Fine. Now you get what you deserve, you fool! DIE IN AGONY!
Player: outfit
Lugri: You have already proven your loyalty to Zathroth. I have nothing more to give you, Player. Only the Queen of Darkness could... maybe.
Player: Outfit
Lugri: This skull shows that you are a true follower of Zathroth and the glorious gods of darkness. Are you willing to prove your loyalty?
Player: Yes
Lugri: It will be a hard task which requires many sacrifices. Do you still want to proceed?
Player: Yes
Lugri: Good decision, <name>. Your first sacrifice will be a medusa shield. Bring it to me and do give it happily.
Player: Medusa shield
Lugri: Is it your true wish to sacrifice a medusa shield to Zathroth?
Lugri: Is it your true wish to sacrifice a dragon scale mail to Zathroth?
Lugri: Is it your true wish to sacrifice crown legs to Zathroth?
Lugri: Is it your true wish to sacrifice a ring of the sky to Zathroth?
Player: Yes
Lugri: Good. I accept your sacrifice. You have proven that you are a true follower of Zathroth and do not hesitate to sacrifice worldly goods. Thus, I will reward you with this headgear.
Player: Task
Lugri: What? Who are you to imply I need help from a worm like you? ...
Lugri: I don't need help. But if you desperately wish to do something to earn the favour of Zathroth, feel free. Don't expect any reward though. ...
Lugri: Do you want to help and serve Zathroth out of your own free will, without demanding payment or recognition?
Player: Yes
Lugri: You do? I mean - wise decision. Let me explain. By now, Tibia has been overrun by numerous followers of different cults and beliefs. The true Necromancers died or left Tibia long ago, shortly after their battle was lost. ...
Lugri: What is left are mainly pseudo-dark pretenders, the old wisdom and power being far beyond their grasp. They think they have the right to tap that dark power, but they don't. ...
Lugri: I want you to eliminate them. As many as you can. Both necromancers and priestesses. And as I said, don't expect a reward - this is what has to be done to cleanse Tibia of its false dark prophets.
Player: task
Lugri: You've slain a mere 4000 necromancers and priestesses. Still, you've shown some dedication. Maybe that means you can kill one of those so-called 'leaders' too. ...'
Lugri: Deep under Drefia, a necromancer called Necropharus is hiding in the Halls of Sacrifice. I'll place a spell on you with which you will be able to pass his weak protective gate. ...'
Lugri: Know that this will be your only chance to enter his room. If you leave it or die, you won't be able to return. We'll see if you really dare enter those halls.'
Player: task
Lugri: So you had the guts to enter that room. Well, it's all fake magic anyway and no real threat. ...
Lugri: What are you looking at me for? Waiting for something? I told you that there was no reward. Despite being allowed to stand before me without being squashed like a bug. Get out of my sight!
Player: task
Lugri: You can't live without serving, can you? Although you are quite annoying, you're still somewhat useful. Continue killing Necromancers and Priestesses for me. 1000 are enough this time. What do you say?
Player: yes
Lugri: Good. Then go.
Player: task
Lugri: You've slain a pitiable x necromancers and priestesses. You're supposed to kill 1000. Now go and spread some pain!
Player: Bye
Lugri: Leave now, Player. The gods of darkness will watch your soul!
Lugri: May darkness be with you!
