Player: hi
Robson: Hrmpf, I'd say welcome if I felt like lying.
Player: name
Robson: I'm Robson Stonespitter, Son of Earth of the Dragoneater fellowship.
Player: job
Robson: I was once a trader but after some years stranded on this remote isle, I felt that I liked that kind of life better and just stayed here even after steamships found that isle.
Player: stranded
Robson: I was on a steamship to sell some wares in Edron. On the boat was a drunken human mage who all of a sudden thought he could speed up our trip by conjuring some winds. ...
Robson: Not that a steamship would have sails or that something like this would make sense in an underground cavern! But such thoughts did not occur to that drunken fool and soon we had some veritable STORM in our underground cave ! ...
Robson: The storm tore the steamship apart and I tied myself to a plank and drifted in the water for what felt like days. Then I finally reached that isle here. ...
Robson: I fought the inhabitants of the isle and my axe earned me some respect I guess. At least they no longer bothered me over here. Using some wreckage, I built my first hut here. ...
Robson: I was living on fish, mushrooms and some hunted meat. My only light source were some luminescent mushrooms. ...
Robson: First I thought I could not stand it for a month but when I was eventually found by an exploring steamship, I felt that I no longer wanted to leave at all. ...
Robson: Of course I ordered some resources that I had missed all those years. I also ordered building materials to build a real hut. And guess what happened? ...
Robson: They sent me PARCELS! I mean I was lost for years, all that I wanted was some decent wood to have a real home and they sent me PARCELS! ...
Robson: What did they think I was going to do with them? Build a castle or what? However, the next shipment brought me the correct material and I could finally build a decent home. ...
Robson: By the way, if you need a parcel just ask me. I have to get rid of a few thousand.
Player: isle
Robson: It seems there was once a building in the centre of the isle. The ruins are still there. Some of the pillars outside remind me of what I've seen in a bonelord hideout that we've raided when I was younger. ...
Robson: The rest of the ruins here, though, does not fit into that. Either the isle has been populated by different inhabitants, or by some race that I don't know at all. ...
Robson: Be it as it may, there has to be something about this isle that attracted inhabitants before me and I wonder what that might be. ...
Robson: I could not figure it out in all those years though. So I doubt anyone can do that during my lifetime.
Player: goblin
Robson: You mean the little guy over there? I call him Lunch. He is my ... uhm friend ... I guess.
Player: lunch
Robson: You won't believe it, but I found him in a giant fish that I captured. When I cut the beast in pieces, I saw a little goblin cowering inside. ...
Robson: He did not seem to be a threat and I kind of adopted him. Since I captured the fish for lunch and it was lunchtime I named him Lunch. ...
Robson: He learnt our language quite fast. Well at least the basics. He never bothered to improve his grammar but I'm no teacher anyway.
Player: steamboat
Robson: What an irony. I was stranded here for years and now my isle becomes part of an regular shipping route. But so I have the best of both worlds. My solitude and provisions. That's enough for me.
Player: parcel
Robson: Do you want to buy a parcel for 15 gold?
Player: no
Robson: I knew I would never get rid of them.
Player: yes
Robson: Fine.
Player: label
Robson: Do you want to buy a label for 1 gold?
Player: no
Robson: I knew I would be stuck with that stuff.
Player: yes
Robson: Good.
Player: bye
Robson: See you next time!
Robson: No patience at all!
