Deep Scars
Once comforting words of Cipfried had little impact on my mind this time. Briefly a strong headache blurred my sight. Confused, I looked around. Barefooted. My beloved leather boots were missing and the biting cold of the black marble floor crawled up my legs, which gave me back some lucidity.
Firmly, I held sword and shield in my calloused hands and wandered as if carried by an omnipotent force or instinct. The legs took my body by themselves seeking the unknown reason of my discomfort. Went north until I saw a strangely familiar dungeon. Torch ignited, carefully entered the hostile cave. Putrid air filled my lums. Howls, grunts and screams echoed through the cold, damp stone walls. I've walked those paths for hours finding nothing and the torch, slowly, fading.
Around a corner, I witness a grotesque scene whose invoked my most primordial fears. My head boiled again and in an involuntary reflex I gritted my teeth. The beast that was feeding on the deceased man noticed and attacked me. "KAPLAR!" shout the half-human, half-bovine. A nature's nefarious breed. Fear, disgust and anger fulfilled my mind. A bullseyed stomp cracked the shield and made me hit backwards against a wall. He thumped his hooves on the ground and rushed to the final blow. Instinctively, I moved a few inches causing him to thrust his sharp horns into the stone walls. My sword found a space between two of his ribs and I felt it vibrating at the touch of the heart that still beated few times before no more.
Relieved, I looted the monster and went to the deceased man. "He's dead anyway", I though and turned his body towards me.
My head exploded in excruciating pain. I closed my eyes and screamed loudly and kneeling on agony! Eyelids opened, I saw myself still screaming, but through the dead's eyes! He was me!
The desperate cry echoed through the walls. Suddenly, I felt a small tremor. A horde approached! Back to myself, I was ready to protect my remains and old boots at all costs. Torches appeared on the corner. In front of the pack, a similar creature, but wearing a purple robe, a wand and followed by hyenas. White flash.
Once comforting words of Cipfried had little impact on my mind this time. Briefly a strong headache blurred my sight. Confused, I looked around. Now, completely naked.