NPC: Budrik  
Player: hi / hiho / hello  
Budrik: Hiho, hiho Player. Why do you disturb me?  
Player: disturb / job / shop  
Budrik: I'm the foreman of this mine.  
Player: dwarfs  
Budrik: We understand the ways of the earth like nobody else.  
Player: help  
Budrik: I'm a miner, not your mother. Go ask someone else.  
Player: hideout  
Budrik: The hideout of the Horned Fox is probably a dangerous if not lethal place for inexperienced adventurers. It is the source of all the trouble around here.  
Player: horned fox  
Budrik: He is a minotaur who was kicked out of Mintwallin. He must have some kind of hideout nearby.  
Player: mine / dungeon  
Budrik: This is not an amusement park! Leave the miners and their drilling-worms alone and get out! We've already got enough trouble without you.  
Player: mission  
Budrik: Well, I could need help with that damn Horned Fox and his gang, but I guess since you are rather experienced, killing minotaurs would bore you to death. I'll wait for someone else. But thanks!  
Player: monster  
Budrik: We occasionally come across nasty beasts in the deepest mines.  
Player: name  
Budrik: My name is Budrik Deepdigger, Son of Earth, from the Molten Rock.  
Player: quest  
Budrik: It was very decent of you to help me, and I am thankful, really I am, but now I have to get back to my duties as a foreman.  
Player: time  
Budrik: Precisely 5:13 am, young one.  
Player: trouble  
Budrik: The Horned Fox is leading his bandits in sneak attacks and raids on us.  
Player: Shearton Softbeard  
Budrik: Yes, I remember him well. It was a tragedy. An earthquake led to a cave-in and many of our brave miners died. ...  
Budrik: Their ghosts still haunt the Grothmok tunnel in which they died, so we had to seal it off.  
Player: Grothmok  
Budrik: You may enter the tunnel.  
Player: bye  
Budrik: Bye bye.  
Player: mining helmet  
Budrik: Thank the rocks! I'm so glad to have this precious heirloom back!  
Player: mining  
Budrik: Mining is more than just digging in the dirt. It is an art form, a philosophy, the gathered knowledge of generations!! We Deepdiggers, Sons of Earth, from the Molten Rock have taken the science of mining to a new level!  
