The Art of the Technomancers Volume 2
Both kinds of technomancers work on inventions and improvements. It is usual practice to built something to prove it can be done without any regards to applicability. For instance the technomancer Sileas built a fully functional artificial arm - which was 30 metres long and had a service tunnel for repairs and adjustments.
Later, efforts are made to improve the own work or that of a predecessor. With the patience of a dwarf that spans his whole long lifetime and even longer, they work on a project as long as it takes to finish it. The former mentioned Sileas commented on his finished gigantic arm that it might take only somewhat over 1000 years until an arm might be constructed that could be used as a prosthesis. The whole technomancy circles around inventions and improvements. Most technomancers concentrate on a single project. This is not necessarily part of the technomancy per se, but probably rather a product of the dwarven nature. Though technomancy has established a lot of formal rules that should ensure the safety of the technomancers and their surroundings, it is not uncommon that technomancers get injured by testing their machines. Aged technomancers often have lost limbs, their hearing or even their eyesight to their experiments. Astonishingly enough, death is a rare occurrence among these accidents which might proof that the traditional safety measures are elaborated enough to prevent the worst. Still, other dwarfs who are not exposed to risks in their own professions usually see the injuries of technomancers as sign of their carelessness which is only a prejudice given the existence of the technomancers' code.
As it is common that an invention is worked on over several generations, technomancers gladly share their knowledge among their own people. However, they are more than reserved when it comes to share this knowledge with an outsider. Only a few secrets are actually considered off-limits to outsiders due to some secrecy code, but most technomancers are unwilling to share even the most basic knowledge. It is assumed that this behaviour results from the fact that technomancers had to become outsiders of their society to learn these secrets, so they are not willing to simply share their hard-earned knowledge. Another reason for this secrecy is based on the fact that most technomancers consider even the most complete and polished invention as just not ready to be released to the public. No proud dwarf would ever share an invention with the public that is not absolutely flawless. Others again fear, and with good reason, the harm that could be done if their knowledge would get into the wrong hands and for this reason refuse to share their knowledge.