The Art of the Technomancers Volume 1
While most dwarfs cling to the principle of earth or fire, some individuals break with this tradition and rather follow the principles of what they simply call 'the machine'. This breach with the traditions is a rare act in a society like that of the dwarven race that knows hardly and changes or surprises. One might argue this is the only way a dwarf can do something extraordinary and it might rely on dwarfs with comparatively rebellious mindsets, but all technomancers encountered seemed genuinely interested if not obsessed with their technomancy. It might be debatable if it is rather a religion or a philosophy, for most technomancers it is the only profession they pursue. Unlike other dwarfs that follow the paths of earth or fire, technomancers usually only pick a profession that is directly related to mechanics. Even a farmer that followed the ways of technomancy was known to apply all kinds of self-made machinery to his profession, but this, as previously stated, is a really rare occurrence. Technomancy is not overly popular in the dwarven society. Only a handful of technomancers exits and perhaps a good dozen of apprentices. Other dwarfs respect the technomancers, but usually think of them as at least a bit odd. On the other hand, the dwarven society welcomes technomantic inventions now and then. For the dwarfs the adaption of such new technology is a slow process and it takes often years of testing and getting used to the new tool until it is truly accepted by dwarven society. Some of the more extraordinary inventions never leave the workshops of the technomancers. In particular, inventions that seem to have no direct, practical use and a considerable advantage compared to 'the old ways' have a hard time to be accepted. This leads to two kinds of responses by the technomancers: some just give in and try to built just what the community is ready to accept. Those are usually the more sociable technomancers that sometimes have extensive contacts outside their own society. Others bury themselves deeper and deeper into technomantic knowledge becoming more and more strange over the years. Those technomancers are often far away from the usual thinking processes of a dwarf, as they only think in formulas and numbers. Sometimes their grasp of communication becomes so different that they cannot communicate with dwarfs anymore that are no technomancers.