Player: hi
Gnomad: Hi there! I'm ready to brief you with tactical advice.
Player: name
Gnomad: My name is Gnomad! I'm the gnomish tactical advisor for this area!
Player: job
Gnomad: I'm the gnomish tactical advisor for this area!
Player: tactical
Gnomad: You will encounter quite a lot of beasties in the area ahead of us. The end of the cave-system is where the trouble begins though. The monsters here all serve some massive creature only known as Deathstrike. ...
Gnomad: The creature is hidden in a well protected chamber. The good news is, we've managed to erect a crystal structure close to the cave that is able to breach its defence and teleport someone into the chamber. ...
Gnomad: The bad news is that the crystals need a specific charge before they can work. As soon as the crystals begin to charge up, Deathstrike's minions will frenzy and spawn in waves to crush all opposition. ...
Gnomad: You will have to kill them quite fast, to not be overwhelmed by their numbers! Our own tries to breach the defence has proven that you'll have to endure six waves until the teleporter to Deathtstrikes' cave opens for a short 30 seconds. ...
Gnomad: Use the GREEN command crystal in the cave to begin the charging of the teleport! Good luck.
Player: dwarf
Gnomad: Dwarfs have been our allies for quite a while now.
Player: gnome
Gnomad: We gnomes are masters of growing and working crystals and we also mastered the raising of a variety of mushrooms for different purposes.
Player: those below
Gnomad: The more we learn about them, the more it becomes clear how little we know.
Player: mushroom
Gnomad: In the last century mushrooms have become more and more important for producing raw materials and tools and less important for sustenance.
Player: crystal
Gnomad: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: global warming
Gnomad: Those below are heating up the earth. Probably to burn everything but themselves.
Player: thais
Gnomad: We have established a teleport outpost somewhere near the city, although not many gnomes use it at the moment to visit this strange city.
Player: surface
Gnomad: For all I heard it has to be a place of incredible poverty! They say peole there are so poor, that they even are often out of doors!
Player: sky
Gnomad: The sky is a somewhat frightening concept to us gnomes.
Player: yes [bug] / bye
Gnomad: Good bye and take care!