Player: name
Gnomeral: My name is Gnomeral. I am the commander of the local gnomish defence force and have some missions for our Bigfoot recruits!
Player: job
Gnomeral: I am the commander of the local gnomish defence force and have some missions for our Bigfoot recruits!
Player: brief
Gnomeral: We gnomes are the foremost defenders against the threats of the deep. For centuries we have fought the threats from below so you surfacers are safe and can mind your own business. ...
Gnomeral: But the threat is growing and our enemies are growing in strength and numbers too.
Player: business / recruit
Gnomeral: For your rank there are four missions available: matchmaker, golem repair, spore gathering and grindstone hunt. You can undertake each mission, but you can turn in a specific mission only once every 20 hours.
Player: gnomes
Gnomeral: We gnomes have been hiding in the depths of the earth since the dawn of gnomehood. Still, we had our own wars and problems but relied solely on gnomish resourcefulness to survive. ...
Gnomeral: Only recently have we had to adapt our tactics a bit since the threat is growing and more and more is at stake. If we fought only for survival and territory in the past, now our very existence and probably the fate of the entire world is at stake.
Player: enemies
Gnomeral: Well there are the beasties of the underworld of course. You can't imagine how many creatures are dwelling in the depths of the earth. Strange creatures of all shapes and sizes. ...
Gnomeral: They are a threat due to their nature rather than through sinister intentions. They prey upon our mushrooms, tunnel our homes, destroy our crystals or endanger gnomish life. Then there are 'those below'. Well, that's another story entirely.
Player: below / those below
Gnomeral: Due to your actions we have a better understanding of the operations of our enemies now. Those worm like lava creatures that are behind the global warming are our foremost foe. ...
Gnomeral: To be precise: the foes of every living being in the world. Their machinations to heat up the world must be stopped and we must increase our war efforts even further.
Player: global warming
Gnomeral: Gnomish scientists have more insight into that matter than I do. But it is certainly a great danger and a real one for sure. The depths of the earth are heating up and we gnomes highly doubt that this is happening due to natural causes.
Player: dwarf
Gnomeral: Gnomes and dwarfs profit a lot from trading.
Player: bigfoot
Gnomeral: Ah yes our foreign legion. Some gnomes have a hard time to accept that it is better to ask for some help. We might be resourceful and cunning, but even we are limited by numbers and resources. ...
Gnomeral: Only if we all work together we can hope to survive the times to come.
Player: mushroom
Gnomeral: In the last century mushrooms have become more and more important for producing raw materials and tools and less important for sustenance.
Player: crystal
Gnomeral: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: thais
Gnomeral: We have established a teleport outpost somewhere near the city, although not many gnomes use it at the moment to visit this strange city.
Player: surface
Gnomeral: Ah yes. I heard about it. It is the place where all the carrots go, when they mysteriously vanish! It has to be the carrot heaven!
Player: sky
Gnomeral: I heard the blue of the sky is nothing but water. Sometimes it comes down in the form of rain drops but if it someday comes down as a whole it will drown the whole surface.
Player: matchmaker
Gnomeral: You will have to find a lonely crystal a perfect match. I don't understand the specifics but the gnomes told me that even crystals need a mate to produce offspring. ...
Gnomeral: Be that as it may, in this package you'll find a crystal. Take it out of the package and go to the crystal caves to find it a mate. Just look out for huge red crystals and try your luck. ...
Gnomeral: They should look like one of those seen in your soul melody test. You will find them in the crystal grounds. Report back to me when you are done.
Player: repair
Gnomeral: Our gnomish crystal golems sometimes go nuts. A recent earthquake has disrupted the entire production of a golem factory. ...
Gnomeral: I'm no expert on how those golems work, but it seems that when the crystals of the golems get out of harmony, they do as they please and even sometimes become violent. The violent ones are lost. ...
Gnomeral: Don't bother with them, though you may decide to kill some to get rid of them. The others can be repaired, but to recall them to the workshops, the golems have to be put into a specific resonance. ...
Gnomeral: Use the bell I gave you on the golems, so the gnomes can recall them to their workshops. Getting four of them should be enough for now. Report back when you are ready.
Player: spore
Gnomeral: We gnomes want you to gather a special collection of spores. All you have to do is use a puffball mushroom and use the spore gathering kit I gave you to gather the spores. ...
Gnomeral: There is a catch though. You need to collect different spores in a specific sequence to fill your gathering kit. If you mix the spores in the wrong way, you ruin your collection and have to start over. ...
Gnomeral: You have to gather them in this sequence: red, green, blue and yellow. You can see on your kit what is required next.
Player: grindstone
Gnomeral: We gnomes need some special grindstones to cut and polish specific crystals. The thing is, they can only be found in a quite dangerous lava cave full of vile monsters. You'll reach it via the hot spot teleporter. ...
Gnomeral: It will be your task to get one such grindstone and bring it back to me.