Player: hi
Albert: Feel welcome in my humble hut, Player. If you are heavily wounded or poisoned, I can heal you.
Player: name
Albert: My Name is Albert Fibulanian.
Player: job
Albert: I'm a healer.
Player: humble hut / thais / edron
Albert: The sinful city of Thais is a monument of corruption and murder. I'm glad I left for Edron and thank the gods every day for this isle.
Player: time
Albert: Now, it is 6:30 am.
Player: news
Albert: I've only got news about weather, taxes, and harvests. I heard nothing that would interest a traveller like you.
Player: healer
Albert: I'm gifted with the ability to heal the wounded and sick ones. Yet, there are wounds of the soul that even the most powerful magic can't cure.
Player: heal
Albert: You aren't looking really bad. Sorry, I can't help you.
Player: tibia
Albert: Tibia is a world big enough for everyone. I wish people would realise that.
Player: fibula
Albert: My family used to live on the isle of Fibula. At this time it wasn't overrun by soldiers of fortune. Later, I was sent to Thais to learn the art of healing, while my family was amongst the first settlers of Edron.
Player: daniel steelsoul
Albert: I healed his wounds, but nothing can heal his soul after the betrayal of some of his knightly brethren.
Player: betrayal
Albert: Oh better ask the knights about that issue. I know only little about that tragic story. Some knights betrayed their order and joined some sinister cult in the northern ruins.
Player: kaine
Albert: Another victim of his own ambitions. I mourn for his soul.
Player: gods
Albert: The gods of good take care of us.
Player: zathroth
Albert: I mourn the fallen god as I mourn all sinners who have lost their path and live their lives in darkness.
Player: king
Albert: The king does much to enhance the life of his people, but he could do more.
Player: army / banor
Albert: I dream of times which see no need for armies or warriors.
Player: orshabaal
Albert: I praise the brave heroes that risk their lives to defy that unholy beast! Even if the creature is not always defeated, their efforts did stop him from invading the town.
Player: ferumbras
Albert: The fallen one is a perfect example where evil leads us to.
Player: excalibug
Albert: It's only another instrument of pain and destruction.
Player: bye
Albert: Good bye, Player!