Player: (idle)
Jack: Mh...  
Jack: Now I need to clean up everything again.
Jack: Could it be...? No. No way.  
Jack: So much to do, so little time, they say...  
Player: hi (tricked)
Jack: Spectulus... I really need to find this guy. I just don't know what to do... what to do... (idle)
Player: hi  
Jack: They won't believe me anymore, they just won't believe me. Well, my sis is slowly accepting that this was all a lie. I don't know about my mother, though.  
Player: name  
Jack: My name is Jack. What's your name? Ah yes, Player.  
Player: job  
Jack: Well, currently I don't have any occupation. Besides my love for sculpting sulky sculptures, like the one in the back there.  
Player: time  
Jack: It's about 5:09 am.  
Player: news / rumor / rumour  
Jack: Don't know. Guess it just doesn't happen much in these parts.  
Player: jack  
Jack: That's me alright. Any problems with that? No? Thought so.  
Player: mother  
Jack: Sometimes, when I really need some time for myself, I take a walk outside. Somehow she always thinks I am up to something when I'm not here. Or maybe she just doesn't want to lose me. But why? I always came back, didn't I.  
Player: sister / jane  
Jack: Well, she is a little older than me and I believe she thinks mother favours me in some way because I am the youngest. I wouldn't know for sure, however. And mother always keeps her busy. Not that she'd never complain, though.  
Player: spectulus  
Jack: Gesundheit! It seems you caught quite a cold.  
Jack: I... was... sculpting sulky sculptures. For all my life. Until you came in here and DESTROYED MY MASTERPIECE. Go away. I don't like you.  
Player: tibia  
Jack: I don't care about much outside of my home here in Edron. And why should I even.  
Player: edron  
Jack: Yep, that's my home. Nice city and all. Been here all my life, don't intend changing this.  
Player: thais  
Jack: Mh, never been that far.  
Player: king / tibianus  
Jack: Well, Tibianus is a good king as far as I can tell. On the other hand, I don't care about him much as long as I can do what I like to whenever I want to.  
Player: army  
Jack: Good to know that they're there to defend us. I for one would never join the army, though.  
Player: furniture
Jack: I'm pretty modest when it comes to furniture - the less, the better. I need room im my room.
Player: hobby / hobbies
Jack: Ah, also a keen lover of arts I assume? You might have already caught a glimpse of that humble masterpiece over there in the corner - I sculpt sulky sculptures! ...
Jack: Sculpting sculptures was my passion since childhood... ...and it was there at my first sandcastle when... ...and it formed... ...and it developed into... ...years of enduring sculpting... ...carved of something like... ...sulky... ...
Jack: And that's what I like to do to this very day - hey, hey will you wake up? Were you even listening to me?
Player: excalibug  
Jack: Never heard about that.  
Player: bye  
Jack: Yes yes. Goodbye Player.  
