Player: hi
Baa'leal: You are still alive, Ahnimone? Well, what do you want?
Player: name / general
Baa'leal: I'm general Baa'leal. What do you want in Mal'ouquah?
Player: job
Baa'leal: I'm commander-in-chief of the armed forces of the UDLA, all branches of service. ...
Baa'leal: Hence I'm responsible for all operations in the enemy's territory.
Player: UDLA
Baa'leal: Yes. The United Djinn Liberation Army. ...
Baa'leal: The title has been given to our valiant armed forces in order to stress both the revolutionary focus of our agenda and the universal nature of our political approach. ...
Baa'leal: Don't ask me what that means. Wasn't my idea.
Player: baa'leal
Baa'leal: That is GENERAL Baa'leal for you, human.
Player: mission / operation
Baa'leal: Did you already talk to Alesar? He has another mission for you!
Player: king
Baa'leal: The UDLA does not serve a king because there isn't any. Of course, that is bound to change.
Player: pharaoh
Baa'leal: Ankrahmun's Pharaoh apparently believes himself to be some sort of god. Ah well. A solid blow with my scimitar will bring him back to earth soon enough!
Player: palace
Baa'leal: I suppose the palace is where the Pharaoh resides. I have a distinct feeling I shall see it burn rather soon.
Player: ascension
Baa'leal: Apparently, ascension is what the followers of the Pharaoh are after. No idea what exactly that is, though.
Player: akh / rah / uthun
Baa'leal: Spare me that pseudo-theological hogwash.
Player: war
Baa'leal: War is the father of things, and I live and breathe it. Ok, it's a tad bit silly that we are forced to fight against our own kind, but as a good soldier I will do my duty! <salutes> ...
Baa'leal: And if I hear anybody talking about 'peace', he will be court-martialled and summarily executed! Or vice versa!
Player: lamp
Baa'leal: We sleep in those lamps. I like them - they are small and functional. We do not need cosy beds and fluffy duvets like decadent humans.
Player: djinn
Baa'leal: We are a race of warriors! We Efreet are destined to rule and to conquer.
Player: efreet
Baa'leal: We are the true djinn! We do not live in denial of our true nature like those damn liberals, the Marid.
Player: marid
Baa'leal: Nothing but a bunch of mealy-mouthed, mollycoddled wimps and milksops the lot of them. They may be superior in numbers, but we will win anyway because of our superior strategic thinking.
Player: human
Baa'leal: No offence, but your race is weak. You lack both the physical strength and the true warrior spirit. And worst of all, you have no strategic thinking.
Player: scarab
Baa'leal: Impressive animals. I have this idea of training them as battle steeds. Imagine this: Djinn mounted on scarabs! With a battalion of those I would crush the enemy in the blink of an eye!
Player: gabel
Baa'leal: He is weak. Much too weak to be our leader.
Player: malor
Baa'leal: Hail to our great leader!
Player: zathroth
Baa'leal: I understand he created us. Must have been a great general.
Player: daraman
Baa'leal: Damn that liberal peacenik, that treacherous mealy-mouthed double-faced good-for-nothing surrender monkey! ...
Baa'leal: He has infected this proud people's minds with his peace-for-all blabber.
Player: melchior
Baa'leal: Melchior! I remember that greedy little civilian. I would have court-martialled him, but I suppose it is just as well the way it is.
Player: alesar
Baa'leal: Ah yes, Alesar! Excellent smith that man!
Player: fa'hradin
Baa'leal: He is Gabel's lieutenant and confidant. He is a powerful wizard, one has to admit that - and that's the only reason he is still alive. Without all his magical mumbo jumbo we would have won this war long ago.
Player: mal'ouquah
Baa'leal: At the moment Mal'ouquah is our headquarter. However, I'm already working on a cunning plan to move our base of operations deep into the enemy's territory.
Player: ashta'daramai
Baa'leal: Ashta'daramai is the enemy's base of operations. I am looking forward to the moment when we raise our flag there!
Player: tibia
Baa'leal: It is our mission to achieve total and decisive dominion of this world within two years. Well perhaps ... three. Always be realistic, that's what I say.
Player: darashia
Baa'leal: The humans living in the northern deserts used to be nomads. Even though they are just humans they used to be respectable fighters. ...
Baa'leal: However, now that they are living in this city, they have grown fat and decadent. They will be easy prey.
Player: ankrahmun
Baa'leal: That old city has some impressive defensive structures. But I swear I will bring it down one day... I have a cunning plan already! ...
Baa'leal: I am thinking of a huge wooden camel.
Player: edron / thais / venore / carlin / kazordoon / ab'dendriel
Baa'leal: They say the humans have built some big cities over there. I'm looking forward to see them burn.
Player: kha'zeel
Baa'leal: It was an excellent idea to build our headquarter in the mountains of Kha'zeel. Easy to defend, you know. Too bad the enemy had the same idea.
Player: kha'labal
Baa'leal: Kha'labal? Yes, it was me who devastated it. Couldn't leave it to the enemy, you see? We had to destroy it in order to save it!
Player: bye
Baa'leal: Stand down, soldier!
Baa'leal: Hail Malor!