Player: piedpiper
Rata'mari: Meep? I mean - hello! Sorry, Simula... Being a rat has kind of grown on me.
Player: name
Rata'mari: I have many names and faces. But I suppose you can call me Rata'mari.
Player: rata'mari
Rata'mari: Shh! The walls have ears, you know!?
Player: job
Rata'mari: I'm a spy. Now guess what I've come here for!
Player: trade
Rata'mari: Trade? Look at me! Do I look as if I had any pockets to stash stuff in?
Player: king
Rata'mari: No more kings for us! We are a democratic people now! Well, sort of.
Player: pharaoh
Rata'mari: They say the new pharaoh is completely out of his mind. Rumour has it that he became an undead on his own free will! I think that says it all.
Player: palace
Rata'mari: The palace in Ankrahmun used to be renowned for its splendour and its hospitable atmosphere. Now I suppose rats are the only living creatures that are still tolerated in this place. Hang on... I hope this does not give Gabel ideas.
Player: ascension
Rata'mari: I am not much into religion, but from what I know this is an important part of that foolish pharaoh's creed.
Player: akh / rah / uthun
Rata'mari: Yes... rings a bell. Has to do with Ankrahmun's pharaoh, hasn't it?
Player: lamp
Rata'mari: Oh to sleep in warm, comfy lamp! It's been such a long time!
Player: report
Rata'mari: I already gave you the report. I'm not going to write another one!
Player: password / piedpiper
Rata'mari: 'Pied Piper'. Hilarious. Fa'Hradin has a very strange sense of humour.
Player: rat
Rata'mari: Your power of observation is stunning. Yes, I'm a rat.
Player: human
Rata'mari: So Fa'hradin turned you into a human? That's really hard, buddy. Rats, humans... what comes next?
Player: djinn
Rata'mari: I used to be one, too. That was before Fa'hradin had the bright idea to turn me into a flea-ridden rodent.
Player: efreet
Rata'mari: After many months of careful study I have come to the conclusion the efreet are much more different from us Marid then I thought! Their skin is green, for a start!
Player: marid
Rata'mari: I haven't seen my brothers for a long time.
Player: scarab
Rata'mari: A scarab? What? Where? Hey, don't give me shock like that! Did you know they eat rats?!
Player: gabel
Rata'mari: Gabel is our undisputed leader, even though he is too modest to brag with it. Even though Fa'hradin coordinates all military operations it is always Gabel who has the final say.
Player: malor
Rata'mari: I have found out all kinds of things about him! He is left-handed, his favourite dish is hyena chop roasted in sandwasp honey marinade, and he has this weird habit of scratching his right ear whenever he is angry - which happens quite often, I might add.
Player: daraman
Rata'mari: Daraman? Well, he was a great prophet, but... look, this is not a good point of time to discuss philosophy, ok?
Player: fa'hradin
Rata'mari: That damn dabbler! 'I am going to disguise you', he said. 'Nobody will ever recognise you', he said! Now look at me! That botching fool! And I can't even bite his ankles!
Player: zathroth
Rata'mari: Zathroth was the creator of our race. Which doesn't mean we like him. But too be honest, I don't think this is the time and place to discuss religious matters.
Player: melchior
Rata'mari: Hm. No - doesn't ring a bell.
Player: alesar
Rata'mari: His defection was a serious blow to our cause. Both Gabel and Fa'hradin are more concerned about it than they dare admit. ...
Rata'mari: Alesar is the most gifted smith the djinn race has ever produced, and now he works for the enemy. I am not entirely sure why he defected, but I am convinced it had nothing to do with money. ...
Rata'mari: Alesar has been a devout follower of Daraman for as long as I can remember, and he thought little of worldly possessions. In fact, from what I've seen Malor and Baa'leal were quite as astonished about it all as Gabel and Fa'hradin. ...
Rata'mari: All I know is that Alesar used to be a kind, helpful djinn. Then one day he disappeared. When he returned he had changed. He had become taciturn and bitter. And all of a sudden he hated humans. All of them. ...
Rata'mari: I think he suffered a deep spiritual crisis. Whatever caused this crisis is anyone's guess.
Player: baa'leal
Rata'mari: Baa'leal is Malor's lieutenant. He is fiercely loyal to his boss, and that is one of the main reasons why no Efreet has ever dared challenge Malor's authority. If it hadn't been for him a new leader would have come up in Malor's absence. ...
Rata'mari: I guess that is why despite all of his shortcomings he still has Malor's trust and support. He is not the brightest djinn under the sun, you know.
Player: mal'ouquah
Rata'mari: I hate this place. It is cold and damp! And the local rats are real snobs!
Player: ashta'daramai
Rata'mari: I miss the place. I really feel homesick, you know? ...
Rata'mari: It makes my mouth water just to think of all the delicious cheese Bo'ques is hiding in his private larder.
Player: darashia
Rata'mari: I have heard nice things about that city. I wish I had an assignment there rather than in this god-forsaken place.
Player: ankrahmun
Rata'mari: That is the one place where I would hate to work even more. My sources there have told me the city is now controlled by some loony who thinks he is a god or something.
Player: tibia
Rata'mari: A nice world. I think I prefer it to all others. Not that I have seen any others, of course.
Player: edron
Rata'mari: I have heard lots about the human cities to the north. Perhaps I will be sent there one day. That would be a lovely change.
Player: kha'zeel
Rata'mari: Gosh, these mountains! Can you imagine what they look like to somebody who is moving three inches above the floor? They are so... massive!
Player: kha'labal
Rata'mari: The Kha'labal is a huge desert to the east. It is a cruel, inhospitable land. Not even a rat could survive there very long.
Player: bye
Rata'mari: Remember - this conversation never took place!
Rata'mari: Meep!