Player: hi
Yaman: Well, if it isn't a human. Greetings, Ahnimone! Are you here for shopping?
Player: name
Yaman: I'm called Yaman.
Player: job
Yaman: I am a trader. Not a popular job around here since it involves dealing with humans, but I don't mind. I rather sit here than have my brain bashed out in this childish war. ...
Yaman: If you have the permission of Malor to trade with us, I will buy all magical equipment you have to offer.
Player: yaman
Yaman: That is my name.
Player: permission
Yaman: I am not allowed to buy anything from you unless Malor gave you the permission to trade with us.
Player: trade
Yaman: At your service. Just browse through my wares.
Player: offer
Yaman: My task is to buy and sell supplies. We are dealing with magical equipment like rings, amulets, rods and some special items. I can also perform magical extractions. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: amulets
Yaman: I'm selling and buying strange talismans, silver amulets, protection amulets and dragon necklaces. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: rings
Yaman: I'm selling and buying might rings, energy rings, life rings, time rings, dwarven rings and rings of healing. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: rods
Yaman: I'm buying all attack rods. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: wands
Yaman: I'm not interested in wands. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: special
Yaman: I'm currently looking for some special items. If you have any ankhs or a mysterious fetish, just ask me for a trade.
Player: king
Yaman: The djinns do not have kings these days. Gabel renounced his right to the title - a clever move. Malor would love to proclaim himself king, but he does not have the authority to do it. Perhaps one day he will.
Player: war
Yaman: My race is stuck in a vicious civil war. As long as this war hasn't ended the djinn are too self-absorbed to deal with other races.
Player: pharaoh
Yaman: They say that pharaoh established his own religion. Amazing. We djinn are notoriously given to pride, but no djinn would ever have the arrogance to proclaim himself god.
Player: palace
Yaman: They say that palace has turned into a home for the living dead under the new pharaoh's rule.
Player: ascension / akh / rah / uthun
Yaman: Hm. I don't know about this, human.
Player: lamp
Yaman: Yes - djinns sleep in lamps. How long did it take you to work that one out?
Player: djinn
Yaman: My race is stuck in a vicious civil war. As long as this war hasn't ended the djinn are too self-absorbed to deal with other races.
Player: efreet
Yaman: Curious how we have changed physically in the course of time, isn't it? But the fact that we have different skin colours cannot hide the fact that Efreet and Marid are still related by blood.
Player: marid
Yaman: I do not hate the Marid - not more than anybody else, anyhow. I joined the Efreet because it seemed the logical thing to do.
Player: human
Yaman: Humans are selfish, greedy and unnecessarily cruel. In other words, they resemble us in many ways. ...
Yaman: Unlike other Efreet I would not kill a human just for the fun of it. However, I would not hesitate to do it if it seemed profitable. No offence.
Player: scarab
Yaman: Some people find scarabs fascinating. Exactly why is simply beyond me.
Player: gabel
Yaman: Even though Malor would never admit it, Gabel is a strong and charismatic leader. We cannot win this war as long as he is alive.
Player: malor
Yaman: Malor is our leader. He is driven by greed and by ambition. He is clever, though. Personally, I sided with him because Daraman's creed did not appeal to me. ...
Yaman: 'Everybody for himself' is my motto. As an Efreet, I can do what I want. No artificial moral restraints. I take what I want.
Player: zathroth
Yaman: The legends say Zathroth abandoned the djinn because they were way too headstrong. I like that story - for two reasons. ...
Yaman: Firstly, it shows that we have independent minds. ...
Yaman: And secondly, it shows that we djinn are free to choose our own destinies. ...
Yaman: No gods, no ties, no rules. We can do as we please and be who we want.
Player: daraman
Yaman: Of course I know Daraman. How could I ever forget him. I was there, remember? ...
Yaman: The man was a dangerous fool. At first I laughed, but I soon realised that one by one my brothers started to believe his nonsense. 'Solidarity and brotherly love' - Yeah right.
Player: Daraman
Yaman: Of course I know Daraman. How could I ever forget him. I was there, remember? ...
Yaman: The man was a dangerous fool. At first I laughed, but I soon realised that one by one my brothers started to believe his nonsense. 'Solidarity and brotherly love' - Yeah right.
Player: melchior
Yaman: Melchior tried to double-cross us. That worm! He paid his treachery dearly. No human messes with the Efreet and lives to tell the tale.
Player: alesar
Yaman: Ah yes - Alesar... Everybody here is really excited because of him. These fools seem to believe that winning the war will be a trifle now Malor is back and we have Alesar on our side. I am far more cautious. ...
Yaman: I don't think Alesar is trying to double-cross us, but I have a bad feeling about him. I still don't understand what made him switch sides.
Player: haroun
Yaman: Haroun. That name rings a bell. Isn't he Alesar brother? They used to be inseparable.
Player: fa'hradin
Yaman: I feel a strange kind of respect for Fa'hradin even though he is a Marid. He is more level-headed and clear-sighted than most Efreet I know. ...
Yaman: I don't know what made him side with Gabel, but he is the only djinn I miss. ...
Yaman: In fact he was one of the few djinn I ever liked.
Player: bo'ques
Yaman: Bo'ques. The fat cook. Exactly how he fits into the freaky ascetiscim of the Marid is beyond me.
Player: baa'leal
Yaman: Baa'leal is our side's commander-in-chief. No wonder I can't be asked to join the service.
Player: mal'ouquah
Yaman: Mal'ouquah is the name of this place. Malor built it - hence the name. It means 'Malor's rage'.
Player: ashta'daramai
Yaman: Ashta'daramai is the name of the Marids' fortress. Gabel tore his former fortress down and erected Ashta'daramai in its place. ...
Yaman: Personally I preferred the older fortress, but it does not make much difference. If our side wins the war it will be torn down anyway.
Player: tibia
Yaman: This world is our playground.
Player: darashia
Yaman: The wealth of Darashia is proverbial. I have my own little plans with it.
Player: ankrahmun
Yaman: Ankrahmun is the oldest human settlement in Tibia. I remember how surprised we were when we found that humans were capable of building such fine cities.
Player: edron / thais / carlin / venore / kazordoon
Yaman: That is a human city, isn't it? I'd like to see it.
Player: ab'dendriel
Yaman: I understand that city was built by elves.
Player: kha'zeel
Yaman: Djinns have lived in these mountains, called Kha'zeel, for as long as anyone can remember. ...
Yaman: Humans rarely come up here, and few djinn care to travel down to the Kha'labal. It is probably better this way. For both our races.
Player: kha'labal
Yaman: The Kha'labal we know today was created at the height of the djinn war. Not exactly a glorious chapter in the war's history.
Player: fighting spirit
Yaman: I need two royal helmets to extract one container of fighting spirit. Would you like me to perform the extraction?
Player: no
Yaman: I understand. Perhaps another time then.
Player: yes
Yaman: Al Adhra Zubana Akras!
Player: yes (without having two royal helmets)
Yaman: I hate to disappoint you, but it seems you do not have the required amount.
Player: bye
Yaman: Goodbye human Ahnimone.
Yaman: Farewell, human.
