Player: hi
Aurita: Greetings, traveller!
Player: name
Aurita: I'm Aurita, whicht means ,the golden one'. The name was given to me because of my hair, not because of my scales' colour.
Player: job
Aurita: I like swimming and singing but I'm not sure whether that answers your question.
Player: time
Aurita: Time is not of relevance here.
Player: Feyrist
Aurita: That's the name of our secret realm which we keep hidden from mortal eyes. It means ,the fairest' and just few mortals get permission to enter it.
Player: valindara
Aurita: She's a swan maiden and a friend of Taegen.
Player: talila
Aurita: She's a pixie of queen Maelyrra's court. Maybe she will sell or buy some nice trinkets.
Player: dreams
Aurita: There is far more to dreams than mortal beings are aware of. They possess some kind of magical power, ancient and mysterious. The fae are closely linked to this power.
Player: news / rumours / rumors
Aurita: Something unsettling seems to happen right now. Even the fish in the ocean around Feyrist can sense it. But if you want to know more you should talk to Maelyrra.
Player: Maelyrra
Aurita: She's the queen of the fairy court my beloved Taegen is part of.
Player: Taegen
Aurita: He's the most handsome and caring faun you'll ever meet. He knows to dance, to sing and to play the panpipes like nobody else. But it is ... difficult.
Player: difficult / mission / quest / task
Aurita: Yes, there is something. I'm in love with Taegen, but he is a faun. As such he's inhabiting the forests, dancing with fairies. And I, being a mermaid, am living in the ocean, swimming with the fish between coral reefs. ...
Aurita: But I lost my heart to Taegen, I can't help it. We would love to spend some time together, but not just sitting on the beach. ...
Aurita: I'd love to show him my homestead beneath the waves. I have an idea but I can't do it alone. Would you help me?
Player: no
Aurita: I'm sad to hear that. If you change your opinion and are willing to help us, come back to me.
Player: yes
Aurita: That's very kind of you, my friend! Listen: I know there is a spell to transform my fishtail into legs. It is a temporary effect, so I could return to the ocean as soon as the spell ends. Unfortunately I don't know how to cast this spell. ...
Aurita: But there is a fairy who once told me about it. Perhaps she will share her knowledge. You can find her in a small fairy village in the southwest of Feyrist.
Player: mission / quest / task
Aurita: Please find a way to transform my fishtail into legs. There is a fairy who once told me about a spell. Perhaps she will share her knowledge. You can find her in a small fairy village in the southwest of Feyrist.
Player: starlight vial
Aurita: Oh, I don't guess I can give it to you.
Player: raven herb
Aurita: That's a very rare fern-like plant. If eaten it allows an air breathing creature to breathe underwater for a while. Please find this plant for Taegen. ...
Aurita: But know that you'll find it only at night. It resembles a common fern but its leaves are of a lighter green.
Player: bye
Aurita: Farewell.