"The Order of the Cobra" Compendium (by an unknown chronicler)

I - Exile

The later Cobra order was one of three knightly successor orders, founded by the Etzels under King Xenom. After the falling out with the King, the members of Scarlett Etzel's order left their home town Edron to travel south. They went out to look for artefacts in Darama on a quest to destroy evil in all its forms. Searching and destroying black magic and curses flowed into all kinds of relics aeons ago. Under Xenom, Scarlett was known as unrelenting but righteous as well. She helped the order gain recognition and reputation, even in exile. She enjoyed utmost respect and had a good standing among all members of the order. First of all, Galthen, her biggest critic and best tactician all the same. Scarlett's signature tactics of classic warfare, honorable battles and campaigns with flying colors shaped the order in the first time. On her quest, the knights confronted evil ambitiously and virtuously cared for everyone in need. All at the group's expense, however. Scarce rations where shared with the hungry, leaving the fellowship unfit at times. Selfless and heroic actions took a toll on the now dwindling numbers of the order. Scarlett's campaign was also a thankful target for highwaymen, murderers and wild creatures. Galthen was the only one able to challenge Scarlett and often criticized her ways as too dangerous and brash. More often than once she listened to him, but not in this matter. She was determined to lead her group to the great goals she set way back in Edron. After years of campaigns, battles and shared aspiration, Galthen and Scarlett where bonded by more than hirarchy and their functions within the order. Yet neither Galthen nor Scarlett ever confessed their love to each other. Too important the cause, always too short of time. And so he stood up to her for more than half a decade. Despite her hefty attacks against her strategy, she could always rely on him and count on her spirit and expertise.