"The Order of the Cobra" Compendium (by an unknown chronicler)

II - Downfall

Ancient guardians of long forgotten cults, powerful secret societies and remnants of lost civilisations crossed their path on the quest to track down cursed relics. When they reached such an artefact, it was destroyed without hesitation. Their resources were always scarce, support from the king was not to be expected anymore. Aquired treasure and burial objects were traded for food and equipment. Two failures in short sequence forced them to pause and stop the undertaking. Resulting disputes between Galthen and Scarlett ended in night long fights without a conclusion. Moral within the whole group rapidly declined. Galthen demanded a departure onto the defensive, remain hidden and focussing on the enemy's weaknesses. Choose only the battles the group can actually handle and let others take care of the rest. Galthen's views were nothing short of treason to Scarlett's ears but she saw wisdom in them. She would never have the heart to banish him from the order and why should she. In the course of a remarkably cold night and after a hefty debate, Galthen disappears without a trace. The order's morals have already sunken so low, that the remaining knights assumed Galthen had resignated in consequence of the ongoing discords. The long, stale period of stagnation lead to resentment and boredom among the nights. Eventually a small group of renegade knights forms to confront Scarlett. When the debate fatally escalates, only a hand full of loyal knights is left to challenge the renegades. One of them loses his life in the process, the others were expelled from the order. Scarlett thanked the loyal men but when she saw their empty eyes, tired and walking outside her tent almost emotionless, she felt more lonely than ever before.
In hope of Galthen's return and to boost morale, Scarlett decided to change tactics. The fellowship splits up, goes into hiding. Scarlett now not only looks for artefacts but first of all her supreme commander. The search remains fruitless, however. Years of wasted efforts make her better and reckless. Instead of abandoning this goal, she starts recruiting new and more 'suited' members for her order. A dangerous mix of ragtag bandits, hedge knightsm mercenaries and assassins. Principles and good resolutions start to blur, clear black and white becomes murky grey. Asymmetric partisan tactics and dirty tricks now enter the arsenal of the once righteous order.