Player: hi
Gnomystery: Hello! Good to see you. There is much to talk about.
Player: name
Gnomystery: Well, I'm Gnomystery.
Player: job
Gnomystery: I'm an explorer and currently investigating activities of those below in this area.
Player: news
Gnomystery: You didn't find anything new? Come back if you have more information.
Player: activities
Gnomystery: Our new detection devices are a marvel of gnomish ingeniuty. Their readings are sometimes a little bit flawed now and then. ...
Gnomystery: Certainly only a minor problem that we will iron put soon! ...
Gnomystery: However, my data suggests a hot spot of hostile activities right beneath kazordoon. But despite my best efforts some dwarfs prooved less then cooperative.
Player: cooperative
Gnomystery: There might have been some minor incident in these crypts I possibly might have been involved with. No reason to endanger all of us though. ...
Gnomystery: Still this dwarfish cryptkeeper denies my any entrance. Let alone that he would allow us to do some drilling in his crypts. ...
Gnomystery: Of course he's never expect a bigfoot such as you to to be on a gnomish mission. That's why I asked you for a favour.
Player: favour
Gnomystery: We suspect that there is an entrance to an unknown place in the crypt behind me. But as it is, the crypt is closed and Brodraem, the crypt keeper is not letting us in. ...
Gnomystery: Maybe you can find a way to be let in and take a look around for us? Are you up for that?
Player: no
Gnomystery: Please come back if you changed your mind!
Player: talk
Gnomystery: I'm always here for a talk but maybe you could do me a favour.
Player: dwarf
Gnomystery: Dwarfs have been our allies for quite a while now.
Player: gnome
Gnomystery: We gnomes are masters of growing and working crystals and we also mastered the raising of a variety of mushrooms for different purposes.
Player: mushrooms
Gnomystery: In the last century mushrooms have become more and more important for producing raw materials and tools and less important for sustenance.
Player: global warming
Gnomystery: Those below are heating up the earth. Probably to burn everything but themselves.
Player: those below
Gnomystery: The more we learn about them, the more it becomes clear how little we know.
Player: crystals
Gnomystery: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: sky
Gnomystery: The sky is a somewhat frightening concept to us gnomes.
Player: thais
Gnomystery: We have established a teleport outpost somewhere near the city, although not many gnomes use it at the moment to visit this strange city.
Player: surface
Gnomystery: For all I heard it has to be a place of incredible poverty! They say peole there are so poor, that they even are often out of doors!
Player: bye
Gnomystery: Always a pleasure to talk to you, Player.
