Player: (idle)
Grumpy Stone: Grrrr ... We would need a pair of hands.
Grumpy Stone: Their backs are itching!
Grumpy Stone: That's annoying!
Player: hi
Grumpy Stone: Please don't bother me, human being. I have my own problems.
Player: name
Grumpy Stone: My name doesn't concern you.
Player: job
Grumpy Stone: Well, that's a rather stupid question.
Player: time
Grumpy Stone: Time is a peculiar concept. I never understood it.
Player: problems
Grumpy Stone: Thank you that you helped the tooth fairy. She was really desperate. But there are other friends of mine who are in need of help. Look out for a group of talking trees north of Carlin.
Player: tooth fairy
Grumpy Stone: She's collecting teeth. Quirky, if you ask me.
Player: Carlin
Grumpy Stone: It's a place full of stone buildings and people.
Player: mission / quest / task
Grumpy Stone: Don't bother me!
Player: rumours / rumors
Grumpy Stone: My sisters and brothers told me that there is a strange evil that threatens this world.
Player: evil
Grumpy Stone: Ask Alkestios. He may know more.
Player: Alkestios
Grumpy Stone: He's seeking out some evil force he believes to threaten this world. He persuaded me of accompanying him on this foolish mission. My own fault I let him talk me into it.
Player: fae
Grumpy Stone: Do I look like an encyclopaedia to you? Go do your own research.
Player: tibia
Grumpy Stone: This is the world we are living in - a quite annoying place at times.
Player: ab'dendriel
Grumpy Stone: It's a place full of life, huge trees, lush plants and various animals.
Player: elves
Grumpy Stone: They are inhabiting Ab'Dendriel and live in close touch with nature.
Player: kazordoon
Grumpy Stone: It seems to be the place nearby where all those dwarves are living.
Player: dwarves
Grumpy Stone: They are living underneath the earth and seem to like stones. That makes them a bit more likeable than most mortals.
Player: carlin / thais / venore / darashia
Grumpy Stone: It's a place full of stone buildings and people.
Player: darama
Grumpy Stone: I have never heard of this place.
Player: map
Grumpy Stone: I don't think I want to talk about this.
Player: mission
Grumpy Stone: As much as I dislike admitting it: I need help. WE need help. See, when we arrived in this part of the world, we quickly realised that we can't linger here while keeping our true forms. We need to take over animals, plants or stones. ...
Grumpy Stone: And we had to hurry. Some of my siblings were luckier than us and had the chance to take over animals like deer, birds or squirrels. We had to choose these stones and now we are stuck here. ...
Grumpy Stone: I don't know for how long and with this issue you can't help us, I'm afraid. But there is something else, a trifle compared to our main problem. Nonetheless, it is annoying. ...
Grumpy Stone: As for myself I'm fine but my sisters and brothers surrounding us are not. Their backs are itching terribly and we don't have arms and hands to scratch ourselves. Would you help us and scratch my siblings' backs to bring them some relief?
Player: no
Grumpy Stone: Grrr. Then off with you!
Player: yes
Grumpy Stone: No, this won't work. Your hands are too smooth. I guess you have to search for an appropriate tool. But no metal please! The sound of metal on stone is gruesome!
Player: mission
Grumpy Stone: Please return with a proper tool to scratch my siblings' itching backs.
Player: mission
Grumpy Stone: Thank you! Their lamentation lapsed into silence. Thus, I assume you brought them some relief. Here, take this map part in return. I'm not interested in this treasure anymore, I just want to return to our hidden realm. ...
Grumpy Stone: Search for the last part somewhere in the Fields of Glory. It's hidden in a big fly agaric.
Player: map
Grumpy Stone: I already gave you the map.
Player: bye
Grumpy Stone: Nature's blessing!
