Player: Hi  
Kawill: Welcome Player! May earth protect you!  
Player: Name  
Kawill: I'm Kawill Marbleeye, son of Earth from the Molten Rock.  
Player: Job  
Kawill: I'm the greatest geomancer among the dwarfs.  
Player: Geomancer  
Kawill: We investigate the will of the earth. It's our duty to make sure that things work in a natural way.  
Player: Earth  
Kawill: The life-giving earth protects us, feeds us and takes us home once we have died.  
Player: Life  
Kawill: Life is given and fed by earth.  
Player: Fire  
Kawill: What earth is giving, fire is taking. That's the way of the elements.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Kawill: By using the powers of fire and earth, we forced the river that once wound its way through the Big Old One to take another direction, and created our home.  
Player: Big Old One  
Kawill: The mountain we live in is called the Big Old One. It's the mountain of mountains. It's like a friend and protector of our race.  
Player: Durin  
Kawill: The celestial paladin, the protector of our race. The only divine being we care for, and the only one who still cares for dwarfs.  
Player: Etzel  
Kawill: I fear the sorcerers focus on the destructive forces of fire. They forget about the protection earth could provide.  
Player: Kroox  
Kawill: He's a fine smith and his armor may save your neck one day.  
Player: Jimbin  
Kawill: He's a jolly fellow and one of the oldest dwarfs alive.  
Player: Maryza  
Kawill: She's a fine cook, jawoll.  
Player: Nietzsche  
Kawill: In his mind he might have been a giant, but in his heart he was a dwarf.  
Player: Bezil/Nezil  
Kawill: Bezil and Nezil have an equipment shop with an amazing assortment.  
Player: Duria  
Kawill: The first knight among the dwarfs is a fine woman.  
Player: Emperor/Kruzak  
Kawill: The emperor has rarely visited the temple district in the last years. He should care more about spirituality than about politics. Jawoll.  
Player: Excalibug  
Kawill: Ah, a weapon to be feared by man, beast and god alike, jawoll. He who wields it will be both blessed and cursed at the same time.  
Player: general  
Kawill: He finally made his peace with his own heart.  
Player: equipment  
Kawill: You can buy equipment in Bezil's and Nezil's little shop.  
Player: help  
Kawill: I'm a mere servant of earth's will and not allowed to help you.  
Player: Phoenix  
Kawill: The Spark of the Phoenix is given by me and by the great pyromancer in the nearby fire temple. Do you wish to receive my part of the Spark of the Phoenix?  
Player: Pyromancer  
Kawill: They are the followers of the great flame.  
Player: Technomancer  
Kawill: FOOLS! FOOLS! ALL OF THEM! MAY EARTH SWALLOW THEM ALL!  
Player: Tibia  
Kawill: Nice world in general. It's a shame that there is so much water that ruins this good impression.  
Player: Monster  
Kawill: May earth swallow them all!  
Player: Ferumbras  
Kawill: The day will come when he finally bites the dust.  
Player: Quest / what do / task  
Kawill: There's nothing I need, better ask someone else.  
Player: Uzgod  
Kawill: Uzgod is a blacksmith and understands the ways of his element well.  
Player: Time  
Kawill: Time is of no importance.  
Player: Gods  
Kawill: The gods are treacherous and vain. They want to use us for their little games. The only ones you can trust are the elements, because all they want is that nature runs its set course.  
Player: Army  
Kawill: Our fortresses are strong and easy to defend. Any aggressor will be smashed by our armies. Most intruders will not manage to pass the colossus.  
Player: Ashes  
Kawill: Whenever you receive a lethal wound, your vital force is damaged and there is a chance that you lose some of your equipment. With every single of the five blessings you have, this damage and chance of loss will be reduced.  
Player: Blessing  
Kawill: There are five different blessings available in five sacred places. These blessings are: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude. ...  
Kawill: There are also two enhanced blessings for further reduction of experience loss.  
Player: Citizen  
Kawill: Many people live in the embracement of earth in Kazordoon.  
Player: Colossus  
Kawill: The big fortress that guards our realm is shaped like a dwarf.  
Player: Elves  
Kawill: Who cares for that silly people.  
Player: Fight  
Kawill: Never forget your defence when fighting.  
Player: Gold / Money  
Kawill: Gold is one of earth's treasures. To have gold means to be blessed by earth. To be rich means to be favoured by earth.  
Player: Heal  
Kawill: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I can't help you. But if you are looking for additional protection, you should go on the pilgrimage of ashes.  
Player: Pilgrimage  
Kawill: Whenever you receive a lethal wound, your vital force is damaged and there is a chance that you lose some of your equipment. With every single of the five blessings you have, this damage and chance of loss will be reduced.  
Player: Humans  
Kawill: We are allied with this young race, though they seldom have the wisdom to listen to us.  
Player: Plants  
Kawill: Plants are minor messengers of earth. If you understand the soil, you understand the plants.  
Player: Poem  
Kawill: Who are you to ask about an ancient secret of my kind? I won't tell you the poem.  
Player: Minotaurs  
Kawill: They left the right way long ago. Now they are lost and doomed. Their fate should be a warning to all of us.  
Player: Orcs  
Kawill: Stupid beasts. Their savagery is only rivalled by their smell.  
Player: Motos  
Kawill: The scars in this dwarf's face tell the tale of many great battles.  
Player: News  
Kawill: There are no news as everything repeats itself.  
Player: Sacred places  
Kawill: Just tell me in which of the five blessings you are interested.  
Player: Stone Golem  
Kawill: These beings are filled with the power of earth. Therefore, they are sacred in a way.  
Player: Bye/Farewell  
Kawill: Earth under your feet, Player!  
