Player: Hi Maryza  
Maryza: Welcome to the Jolly Axeman, Player. Have a good time and eat some food!  
Player: Food/offer  
Maryza: I sell normal and brown bread, meat, ham, cookies, rolls, and cheese made of mushrooms. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Trade  
Maryza: Sure, have a look at my food. Remember, touching means buying it.  
Player: Job  
Maryza: I'm the cook of the Jolly Axeman.  
Player: Name  
Maryza: I'm Maryza Firehand, daughter of Earth from the Molten Rock.  
Player: Jimbin  
Maryza: I'm so proud of him. When it comes to drinking, only our mighty general beats him.  
Player: Book  
Maryza: I'm sorry but I sell only one copy to each customer. Otherwise they would have been sold out a long time ago.  
Player: Poem  
Maryza: I only know some drinking poems, and I can't hear them anymore as they are told every evening by some drunkard.  
Player: Army  
Maryza: We should rather feed some dragons than these fools.  
Player: Bloody Mary  
Maryza: YOU &/$#@!  
Player: Kiss  
Maryza: <sighs> Once there was a dwarf who was a ladies' man unparalleled in dwarven history. His name was Shearton Softbeard ...  
Maryza: Even though he is dead since decades now, no other dwarf was able to beat his kissing skill ever since.  
Player: Shearton Softbeard  
Maryza: Like many dwarfs, he was a miner. Unfortunately he died in a mining accident. The mines' foreman should be able to tell you more about him.  
Player: Carlin  
Maryza: Don't like it, has an elfish touch, ye know?  
Player: Thais  
Maryza: Puny town for puny guys.  
Player: Excalibug  
Maryza: I'd slice a dragon or two and make steaks for everybody if I got my hands on it.  
Player: General  
Maryza: A fine drinker and strategist. Wastes his skill with these fools of the army. What a shame!  
Player: King  
Maryza: Don't like these upper cave guys.  
Player: Rumours  
Maryza: The boys of the Savage Axe at the bridge are running wild these days.  
Player: Time  
Maryza: Too busy, ask my husband.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Maryza: Heard that's what the humans call one of their bogeymen.  
Player: Tark  
Maryza: He loved my dragon steaks. Heard he died by a cave in while fighting dragons in the Plains of Havoc.  
Player: Farewell  
Maryza: Yeah, farewell.  
Player: Bye  
Maryza: Yeah, bye.  
