NPC: Pydar  
Player: hi/hello  
Pydar: Be greeted Player! I can smell the scent of a phoenix on you!  
Player: gods/keeper/shepherd  
Pydar: The ways of the gods are incomprehensible to mortals.  
Player: life  
Pydar: Life feeds on fire and ultimately fire will feed on life.  
Player: army  
Pydar: Our strong fortifications allow our armies to defend Kazordoon against any threat.  
Player: ashes  
Pydar: Whenever you receive a lethal wound, your vital force is damaged and there is a chance that you lose some of your equipment. With every single of the five blessings you have, this damage and chance of loss will be reduced.  
Player: pilgrim  
Pydar: I'm the head pyromancer of Kazordoon. I guess you are here for healing or looking for a blessing.  
Player: ferumbras  
Pydar: If he ever dares to enter Kazordoon, I will gladly dump him into the lava. The sacred flame shall bring justice upon him.  
Player: nezil/bezil/equipment  
Pydar: Bezil and Nezil are buying and selling equipment of all kinds.  
Player: big old one  
Pydar: This mountain is said to be the oldest in the world. It's the place where fire and earth meet and part at the same time.  
Player: gold/money  
Pydar: Gold has been given birth to by the great flame. So it's wise to give some back to the fire now and then.  
Player: blessing  
Pydar: There are five different blessings available in five sacred places. These blessings are: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude. ...  
Pydar: There are also two enhanced blessings for further reduction of experience loss.  
Player: fire/flame  
Pydar: Unlike the gods, the elements don't use mortals as toys. A skilled mind can understand and even control them to some extent.  
Player: citizen  
Pydar: Many brave people are citizens of our town.  
Player: duria  
Pydar: She is the first knight of Kazordoon. She is responsible for teaching our young warriors how to handle an axe.  
Player: durin  
Pydar: Though we are through with the so-called gods, Durin, the first dwarf to acquire divine powers, is considered as protector of our race.  
Player: elves  
Pydar: They don't understand anything about the world.  
Player: embrace  
Pydar: The druids north of Carlin can provide you with the Embrace of Tibia.  
Player: emperor/Kruzak  
Pydar: Our emperor has his halls in the upper caves.  
Player: enhanced  
Pydar: It is said that one enhanced blessing, the 'heart of the mountain', has been lost in the icy wastes of Svargrond. Find a nomad far to the west of these barren lands, hiding in the cold there, slightly above ground. ...  
Pydar: It is also said that a mysterious djinn, bound to an existence of slavery, lies buried somewhere beneath the northern Tiquanda jungle. I cannot confirm whether this tale is true but if you find him, you shall also find the 'blood of the mountain'.  
Player: excalibug  
Pydar: A weapon too powerful to be wielded by mortals. It has to be returned to the fire which gave birth to it.  
Player: etzel  
Pydar: Etzel is a true master of the elements. He is a role-model for our youngsters, jawoll.  
Player: bye/farewell  
Pydar: May the fire in your heart never die, Player!  
Player: fight  
Pydar: You should fight like fire, fearless and without mercy.  
Player: fire devil  
Pydar: They mock the great flame with their sheer existence. BLAST THEM ALL! Jawoll!  
Player: fire of the suns  
Pydar: Ask for the Fire of the Suns in the Suntower near Ab'Dendriel.  
Player: general/motos  
Pydar: He is the fiercest axe fighter of our times and a fine strategist.  
Player: geomancer  
Pydar: They are followers of the path of earth.  
Player: gregor  
Pydar: The leader of the Thaian knight guild is a man of few words.  
Player: heal  
Pydar: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I can't help you. But if you are looking for additional protection, you should go on the pilgrimage of ashes.  
Player: maryza  
Pydar: She and her husband are running the Jolly Axeman tavern.  
Player: jimbin  
Pydar: He and his wife are running the Jolly Axeman tavern.  
Player: help  
Pydar: I'm not here to help you. You have to help yourself.  
Player: humans  
Pydar: They took the place dwarfs used to hold in the world. They don't see that they are destined to fall just like we did.  
Player: plant  
Pydar: I don't care much about plants.  
Player: kazordoon  
Pydar: Our city was founded in ancient times. Abandoned by the gods we once fought for, we created a secure haven for our people.  
Player: job  
Pydar: I'm the head pyromancer of Kazordoon. I guess you are here for healing or looking for a blessing.  
Player: tibia  
Pydar: That's our world.  
Player: kroox  
Pydar: He's a smith. If you are looking for exquisite weapons and armor, just talk to him.  
Player: poem  
Pydar: Who are you to ask about an ancient secret of my kind? I won't tell you the poem.  
Player: minotaurs  
Pydar: Another pawn the gods do no longer care for, a discarded toy like all of the elder races.  
Player: monsters  
Pydar: May the great flame devour them all!  
Player: quest/task/what do  
Pydar: Ask around. There's a lot to do, jawoll.  
Player: name  
Pydar: My name is Pydar Firefist, Son of Fire from the Savage Axes.  
Player: news  
Pydar: I'm a busy man. I have no time for chitchat.  
Player: orcs  
Pydar: The arch enemy. We could have destroyed them long ago, but this would have meant doing the gods that betrayed us a favour.  
Player: pyromancer  
Pydar: We are the keepers and shepherds of the elemental force of fire.  
Player: spiritual shielding  
Pydar: You can receive the Spiritual Shielding in the Whiteflower Temple south of Thais.  
Player: sacred places  
Pydar: Just tell me in which of the five blessings you are interested.  
Player: wisdom  
Pydar: Talk to the hermit Eremo on the isle of Cormaya about this blessing.  
Player: scent  
Pydar: The phoenix seems to be fond of you! If you had a real phoenix egg with you, I could bless you with the Spark of the Phoenix for a smaller fee!  
Player: time  
Pydar: It's the fourth age of the yellow flame.  
Player: technomancer  
Pydar: Those heretics believe they have discovered a new elemental force they can control easily. These fools, they'll bring doom upon all of us!  
Player: Uzgod  
Pydar: Uzgod is a weaponsmith just like those in the old legends.  
