Player: hi  
Riddler: Player! HEHEHEHE! Another fool visits the tower! Excellent!  
Player: name  
Riddler: I am known as the riddler. That is all you need to know.  
Player: job  
Riddler: I am the guardian of the paradox tower.  
Player: time  
Riddler: It is the age of the talon.
Player: paradox / tower  
Riddler: This tower, of course, silly one. It holds my master's treasure.  
Player: master  
Riddler: His name is none of your business.  
Player: treasure / guard  
Riddler: I am guarding the treasures of the tower. Only those who pass the test of the three sigils may pass.  
Player: key / door  
Riddler: The key of this tower! You will never find it! A malicious plant spirit is guarding it!   
Player: test / sigil
Riddler: Death awaits those who fail the test of the three seals! Do you really want me to test you?  
Player: yes  
Riddler: FOOL! Now you're doomed! But well ... So be it! Let's start out with the Seal of Knowledge and the first question: What name did the necromant king choose for himself?  
Player: goshnar  
Riddler: HOHO! You have learned your lesson well. Question number two then: Who or what is the feared Hugo?  
Player: demonbunny  
Riddler: HOHO! Right again. All right. The final question of the first seal: Who was the first warrior to follow the path of the Mooh'Tah?  
Player: Tha'kull  
Riddler: HOHO! Lucky you. You have passed the first seal! So ... would you like to continue with the Seal of the Mind?  
Player: yes  
Riddler: As you wish, foolish one! Here is my first question: Its lighter then a feather but no living creature can hold it for ten minutes?  
Player: breath  
Riddler: That was an easy one. Let's try the second: If you name it, you break it.  
Player: silence  
Riddler: Hm. I bet you think you're smart. All right. How about this: What does everybody want to become but nobody to be?  
Player: old  
Riddler: ARGH! You did it again! Well all right. Do you wish to break the Seal of Madness?  
Player: yes  
Riddler: GOOD! So I will get you at last. Answer this: What is your favourite colour?  
Player: green  
Riddler: UHM UH OH ... How could you guess that? Are you mad??? All right. Question number two: What is the opposite?  
Player: none  
Riddler: NO! NO! NO! That can't be true. You're not only mad, you are a complete idiot! Ah well. Here is the last question: What is 1 plus 1?  
Player: any number  
Riddler: WRONG!  
Riddler: NO! NO! NO! That can't be true. You're not only mad, you are a complete idiot! Ah well. Here is the last question: What is 1 plus 1?  
Player: number from a prisoner, see quest log  
Riddler: DAMN YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!  
Player: bye
Riddler: HEHEHE! I knew you don't have the stomach.
Riddler: COWARD! CHICKEN! HEHEHEHE!

