Knightly Successor Orders of Tibia, loose pages I
An abridged version of a book concerning knightly orders by former knights of King Xenom, father of King Tibianus.
In the first year of the young King's rule, the siblings Oberon, Kesar and Scarlet Etzel fell out with each other. Their quarrel over knighthood under their king and the search for more purpose in their knightly duties drove them far away from Edron. Each of them founded a seclusive order but little is known about their paths during the following years. This book tries to summarise all facts known to Tibian historians as of this day.
(the book goes on about the orders and their founding figures, some specific passages draw your attention)
The leader of the Order of the Falcon (Oberon Etzel) was the first to found his own order. He saw himself and his men as true successors of King Xenom. Dismay over the King's opinions and politics led the dedicated knight to build a new order. On the foundations of law, extreme loyalty and dedication to chivalric virtues, the Order of the Falcon was established, not least as a strong signal in King Xenom's direction. Oberon Etzel's following was devout and dedicated to an extreme. Tolerated by the King at first in honour of the knight's former service, they were soon sidelined and ultimately their decisions were seen as those of of outsiders. Soon, the notion "Trapped Falcons" or "Falcon Cage" (referring to their Edron stronghold) was shaped by nobles and common folk alike. It is widely assumed among historians that these circumstances led to a self-imposed exile by the angered Oberon Etzel.
(the book also contains excerpts from an Edron report of the assumed dissolution and exile of the Order of the Falcon, commissioned by the late king Xenom himself)
(...) Among a multitude of other questions, stemming from the seclusive and secretive nature of the successor order, what makes this case most interesting in historical debates is the seemingly immediate disappearance of Oberon Etzel and his knights. The stronghold was reportedly abandoned over night with no trace of the order itself or any hints concerning their whereabouts. Eyewitnesses confirmed vibrant lights and unnerving sounds originating from the top of the stronghold during many nights. Not many dared venture close enough to the perimeter to catch a glimpse of what really happened there. Reports are varied and inconsistent. Apparently lights were also seen in the night before the one that marked the disappearance of the honourable order. It is worth mentioning that the order hosted several guests and workers almost all the time. Despite their dispute with the king and the other Etzel siblings, the order was generally considered honourable and trust-worthy. No notable suspicions have been raised during the time and until the disappearance there have been no noteworthy incidents. The disappearance seems to be connected to several high ranking officials from various cities which have been reported as missing during or around the time in question. Aside from various personally delivered invitations, no real connections could be made. (...)