Zarganash is a word from an ancient language that outlived its creators. It describes a complicated state of a place that wasn't meant to be or does not really exist, yet defies this nonetheless by 'being there in a certain way'. The whole concept is warped in convoluted philosophy and metaphysics modern researches still try to figure out, causing heated debates in informed circles. Marginalised as a fringe philosophy, the concept gained new prominence when necromancers adopted it for their own purposes. In a time when even death was young, the caverns of Zarganash were just a place without much dimension and reality, where some of the souls of the dead rested for the length of an afterthought before they passed into the great beyond and whatever might await them there. In the aeons to come myriads of souls of all kinds passed by and went on. Now and then a soul was not willing to depart the mortal world and tried to anchor them in the Zarganash. Over time the place that wasn't a place also harbored more and more souls that lost their way in despair, neglection or defiance. The formless doorstep to the afterlife gained substance and dimension by the mere presence of the lost souls. If became a bleak reflection of their despair, formed from the residue of undefined desires. The souls would stay there without finding any rest and were slowly torn apart by their own regrets and a hunger for all the things they felt they were denied in life. These feelings weighed heavily and seeped deep into the ground and base of the nascent plane. Deep down where the reality of the plane bordered the void of nothingness these dark hungers, eager to devour themselves, clustered. Over time entities emerged that were born from these hunger clusters. They were unformed, without sentience and without shape or purpose. The one thing they had was their insatiable hunger. So they began to actively devour the souls whose burden let them sink so low, that the hungering unthings could reach them. Following the stream of souls upwards, the devouring menance slowly over the course of centuries, even aeons, ascended. But the plane had changed too. The torn feeling of countless souls had formed a bleak world that had gained some reality on its own. The physicality of the world above kept the undefined hungering entities away, at least for a while. Over time entities emerged that were born from these hunger clusters. They were unformed, without sentience and without shape or purpose. The one thing they had was their insatiable hunger. So they began to actively devour the souls whose burden let them sink so low, that the hungering unthings could reach them. Following the stream of souls upwards, the devouring menance slowly over the course of centuries, even aeons, ascended. But the plane had changed too. The torn feeling of countless souls had formed a bleak world that had gained some reality on its own. The physicality of the world above kept the undefined hungering entities away, at least for a while. Over time entities emerged that were born from these hunger clusters. They were unformed, without sentience and without shape or purpose. The one thing they had was their insatiable hunger. So they began to actively devour the souls whose burden let them sink so low, that the hungering unthings could reach them. Following the stream of souls upwards, the devouring menance slowly over the course of centuries, even aeons, ascended. But the plane had changed too. The torn feeling of countless souls had formed a bleak world that had gained some reality on its own. The physicality of the world above kept the undefined hungering entities away, at least for a while. So they began to actively devour the souls whose burden let them sink so low, that the hungering unthings could reach them. Following the stream of souls upwards, the devouring menance slowly over the course of centuries, even aeons, ascended. But the plane had changed too. The torn feeling of countless souls had formed a bleak world that had gained some reality on its own. The physicality of the world above kept the undefined hungering entities away, at least for a while. So they began to actively devour the souls whose burden let them sink so low, that the hungering unthings could reach them. Following the stream of souls upwards, the devouring menance slowly over the course of centuries, even aeons, ascended. But the plane had changed too. The torn feeling of countless souls had formed a bleak world that had gained some reality on its own. The physicality of the world above kept the undefined hungering entities away, at least for a while.