The pale worm was thought by most of us to be a mere legend, an allegory, and for all I know it might have been that way for a long time. He is the embodiment of the hunger and the feeling of unfulfillment that is present in this plane. I can't tell what this thing truly is. It might very well just be the biggest and most powerful incarnation of the hungry worms, the one that has devoured so many souls and others of its kind so huge, bloated and powerful that it is on the verge of becoming a demigod of this plane. Or if it is the avatar of the hunger that is inherited to this plane. A spiritual creation of all the ambitions and scorn that became some kind of god of the lost dead without their conscious participation. Perhaps though, the pale worm is something entirely different and foreign. Be it as it may, what at some time has been some allegorical threat has certainly become a real one. Even worse, he is worshiped by some of the most deprived souls that this plane harbors. Twisted by their inner darkness, those souls found even more power in their service of the worm. I dare not to meddle with such tainted beings nor would they be eager to tell me about their affairs so I can only make assumptions, based on hearsay and the weak evidence I could gather. It hints that with the appearance of the pale worm some of the most corrupted begun to worship and serve the worm. It seemingly had enough sentience by then, to spare them. In turn the worm received more sentience and even intelligence from the reverence they bestowed him with. Even more so the worm now feeds not only on the souls that were already in the phase of dissipating but on fresh and just arrived souls his cultists feed him. All of this gave the worm not only a twisted form of sentience but also a purpose, though what this ultimately may be I can not tell. For now it seems he is in the process of devouring each and everything on the plane and will eventually BECOME the plane, immediately feeding on the souls that arrive here, even only in passing. But the hunger can't be ended or even blunted. It will drive the worm to devour more and more, eventually threathen everything with its growing power. I will try to learn more about it's machinations and confront one of his minions from him, perhaps I might learn more. But I fear their power. They were some of the strongest souls here even before they pledged themselves to the worm and I don't know what powers and gifts they acquired from their dread master. In case I don't return, these notes might give some insight and warning to any seeker of such knowlegde.