Not by choice but the twisted laws of nature of this plane the unthings slowly became things. Though they manifested in different forms, some rough types were the most common. Probably guided by the nature of that weird place. And there, in the deep below, they became aware of each other. And they looked upon their own kind with the only feeling that they knew. The great hunger. A terrible war of extinction began beneath the surface of what would become known as the caverns of Zarganash. A fierce war that knew no mercy or remorse. And yet there was no one that could have noticed it. When the war ebbed, most of the large number of entities had dwindled significantly, but the successful competitors had become huge and bloated. The most successful of their kind had taken the shape of what mortals would call worms. They dwelt in the depths of the plane, never traveling too close to the surface, constantly looking for souls whose burden let them sink into the embrace of the depths. This was the way for many aeons. The caverns of Zarganash became a vast plane, filled with all the lost or those in denial. Occasional travelers would pass by and leave their mark, some of the souls that were bound to the plane even retained or regained their consciousness. Most of the latter would pass into the afterlife but others took it upon them to stay. Some of them with good, others with more evil purposes. Occasionally a mighty necromancer would rip a rift into the realm, in their attempts to enslave the lost souls for their own sinister purposes but for a long time the caverns were quiet and solemn as it was fit for a sub-plane of death. I was one of the souls lost in their own suffering. Once a great scientist, there was so much left to do at the time of my untimely death. Remorse and self-loathing would have torn me apart eventually, a feast for the worms. But I met my master and teacher, or better, he found me. He managed to break the cycles of thoughts that entrapped me and made me aware of my state. Over time he even taught me how to let go and free myself from the burden I thought to carry. He taught me about the caverns of Zarganash, what he and his predecessors had learned and schooled me in the various philosophies he studied under his own mentors. When he finally decided to move on, I stayed to carry on his work and do my best to help others who are lost. Time means little here so I can't tell how long I hardened but recently things started to change. Something weakened the barriers between worlds and planes. Our plane fared no better. More and more of the lost souls pour out into the world of mortals. Some of the lost seemingly even stumbled into the afterlife by chance and I dread what fate might await those unprepared or what havoc they might cause at places they were never meant to be. However, bigger threats are arising. Even in our planes the barriers are falling and the hungry worms are on the move, all too eager to devour. That would be alarming enough but things recently got much, much worse. Some of the lost seemingly even stumbled into the afterlife by chance and I dread what fate might await those unprepared or what havoc they might cause at places they were never meant to be. However, bigger threats are arising. Even in our planes the barriers are falling and the hungry worms are on the move, all too eager to devour. That would be alarming enough but things recently got much, much worse. Some of the lost seemingly even stumbled into the afterlife by chance and I dread what fate might await those unprepared or what havoc they might cause at places they were never meant to be. However, bigger threats are arising. Even in our planes the barriers are falling and the hungry worms are on the move, all too eager to devour. That would be alarming enough but things recently got much, much worse.