Player: hi / hello  
Barry: Hello. Unless you have official business here or want to pass the gate, please move on.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Barry: I'd be careful if I went there. Some people have never come back, and those who did are ill in one or the other way.  
Player: arena quarter  
Barry: A lot of trouble has been coming from that quarter lately. It seems that the former fighters and gladiators have changed in most unexpected ways.  
Player: augur  
Barry: They were appointed by the Yalahari to execute supervising and controlling tasks.  
Player: cemetery quarter  
Barry: You will not be able to attend any religious ceremonies in that quarter, that's a fact. Better stay away.  
Player: factory quarter  
Barry: The old factory is just south of here. The machines and worker golems are not really functioning anymore, but you still hear their operating sounds.  
Player: fenrock  
Barry: Yes, you're right. People are calling that snowy island Fenrock.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Barry: I'm glad I don't have to do shifts there. It's interesting, but there are constantly fights going on.  
Player: island  
Barry: Neither Captain Karith nor Captain Cookie are sailing to the outer islands. I haven't found anyone yet to bring me there.  
Player: job / business  
Barry: I'm a sergeant of the Yalaharian Guard Force.  
Player: magician quarter  
Barry: A quarter full of talented magicians, illustrious figures and dangerous magical creatures. The latter cause most of the problems in this quarter.  
Player: mission  
Barry: Excuse me? I'm not sure which mission you are talking about, just tell me what you want from me.  
Player: mistrock  
Barry: Mistrock? Yes, maybe that's the name. I'm not sure.  
Player: name  
Barry: I'm called Barry.  
Player: pass / gate  
Barry: Do you want to pass the gate? Are you going to the magician or the sunken quarter?  
Player: quarter  
Barry: We have eight quarters plus the centre, and each of them is like an own microcosm.  
Player: random word  
Barry: This is of no importance to me right now.  
Player: sunken quarter  
Barry: You know, I was guarding this gate here at the time the southern quarter collapsed. It's something I'll never be able to erase from my mind.  
Player: trade quarter  
Barry: Mr. West is not as bad as some people make him look like. He's a bit like 'steal from the rich to give it to the poor', in my opinion.  
Player: vengoth  
Barry: I heard about Vengoth, but not much.  
Player: Yalahar  
Barry: I actually like the city. There's so much going on in all those small streets and corners, it's really entertaining.  
Player: bye  
Barry: Goodbye citizen!  
