Player: hi
Guard Inurta: Suon's and Bastesh's blessings! Welcome to Issavi, traveller.
Player: how are you
Guard Inurta: I am always ready to protect the Golden City.
Player: name
Guard Inurta: My name is Inurta.
Player: job
Guard Inurta: I am a member of the Sapphire Blade and thus a protector of the people of Kilmaresh.
Player: lion
Guard Inurta: This is my loyal companion.
Player: guard
Guard Inurta: This information is confidential.
Player: sell / buy
Guard Inurta: Go to the market place in the middle of the city.
Player: news
Guard Inurta: The Fafnar cultists cause a lot of trouble these days.
Player: cult
Guard Inurta: The Fafnar cultists live and act in secret but they try to exert their influence wherever possible. This can happen by violence or by intrigue. ...
Guard Inurta: Sometimes they raid the city and surrounding villages, sometimes they try to influence powerful people here in Issavi. The cult consists of two major groups: the Burning Gladiators and the Priestesses of the Wild Sun.
Player: suon
Guard Inurta: He is the Sun God, we also call him the Benevolent Sun.
Player: fafnar
Guard Inurta: I really don't think I should talk about the Feared One.
Player: bastesh
Guard Inurta: She is the Goddess of the Sea, we also call her the Keeper of Wisdom.
Player: empress
Guard Inurta: The Sphinx Empress is ruling Kilmaresh wisely and benevolently. She resides in the palace of Issavi.
Player: thief
Guard Inurta: I don't want to blame someone without evidence. But this ape, Moe, seems to be quite suspicious. Ramina told me that he steals food. Well, according to Kilmaresh's laws that's not considered a crime. ...
Guard Inurta: Yet, I can't help but wonder: If he steals food at the tavern, what else might he steal?
Player: moe
Guard Inurta: He's a sibang who often visits our local tavern. Ramina doesn't seem to be happy about him.
Player: ramina
Guard Inurta: She's running Issavi's tavern. I encourage you to go for a meal there. Ramina serves delicious menus.
Player: neferi
Guard Inurta: She works as a scribe in the library, but we have good reason to believe that she is secretly working as a spy for the Fafnar cultists.
Player: hetai
Guard Inurta: This woman is a known Priestess of the Wild Sun. She is really dangerous! Should you ever find her and be strong enough, bring her here dead or alive!
Player: Priestess
Guard Inurta: Those priestesses serve Fafnar with great devotion. Other than the Burning Gladiators they seek to restore Fafnar's worship by intrigues and scheming rather than brute force.
Player: Gladiators
Guard Inurta: The Burning Gladiators are fierce warriors who seek to enforce Fafnar's will with a vengeance. If necessary they also protect the Priestesses of the Wild Sun on their rather subtle missions.
Player: issavi / city
Guard Inurta: Issavi is the capital of Kilmaresh, also called the Golden City. This city has a motto: An open gate for those of peace. This means, anyone is welcome here as long as they respect our laws, be it humans, elves, minotaurs or even a medusa.
Player: kilmaresh
Guard Inurta: This is the continent you are currently visiting. You will find vast, dry steppes here as well as high mountains, the river Nykri and the big city Issavi.
Player: sapphire blade
Guard Inurta: We are a group of elite warriors. All of us carry blades made of a blue metal called tagralt. It is our holy duty to protect the city Issavi and all of Kilmaresh.
Player: tagralt
Guard Inurta: In the steppes of Kilmaresh, there are many rock formations, interveined with blue ore. This ore can be magically crafted into a rare and precious metal. The members of my order, the Sapphire Blade, use this metal for their swords.
Player: sheep
Guard Inurta: Sheep are very important for the Kilmareshian people as they provide meat, milk and wool. It is forbidden to kill a sheep and the penalty for doing so is a considerable fine. The same applies to hunting dogs and hunting birds.
Player: bye
Guard Inurta: May Suon and Bastesh guard your ways!
