Player: hi
Guide Meruka: Bastesh's blessings, Player and welcome to Issavi! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything besides "information" and "map)
Guide Meruka: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Meruka: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temples, the bank, shops and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town / Issavi
Guide Meruka: The city Issavi with its shops and magnificent buildings is built between two branches of the river Nykri. Remarkable buildings are the palace, the temples, the Hanging Gardens and the great southern gate. We also have a theatre.
Player: shops
Guide Meruka: You can buy distance weapons, gems, magical equipment and food here.
Player: gems
Guide Meruka: Yonan's jewel store is at the market place in the centre of Issavi.
Player: distance weapons
Guide Meruka: Eliyas sells distance weapons and ammunition at the market place in the centre of Issavi.
Player: magic
Guide Meruka: Magical equipment like runes, wands and potions can be bought from Khanna and Faloriel. Their shops are at the market place in the centre of Issavi. Khanna sells runes and wands, Faloriel sells potions.
Player: food
Guide Meruka: Ramina sells different delicacies north of the market place, just behind the post office.
Player: palace
Guide Meruka: The palace is the most magnificent building in Issavi and the residence of our Empress. I can mark it on your map.
Player: temples
Guide Meruka: Suon's Temple of Eternal Light is near the Hanging Gardens in the eastern part of the city. Just go upstairs. There is also another temple, the Temple of Sun and Sea, in the western part of Issavi.
Player: Gardens
Guide Meruka: The Hanging Gardens of Meketre are one of Issavi's most impressive sights. I can mark them on your map.
Player: bank
Guide Meruka: Our local bank clerk is called Atur. You can find him just behind the southern gate.
Player: depot
Guide Meruka: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: world status
Guide Meruka: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Meruka: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: escort
Guide Meruka: This service is only for newcomers below level 10. I think you can manage the way on your own! If you need marks on your map, let me know.
Player: map / mark
Guide Meruka: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Meruka: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Meruka: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: harbour
Guide Meruka: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship - if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: post
Guide Meruka: Ninos is in charge of our post office. You can find it north of the shops at the market place.
Player: quest
Guide Meruka: Hm, if you're looking for a mission, Eshaya or Kallimae would be a good address. You could also ask Alyxo.
Player: Eshaya
Guide Meruka: You can find him in his house at the market place.
Player: Kallimae
Guide Meruka: Most often you will find her in the Hanging Gardens.
Player: Alyxo
Guide Meruka: You will find her at the Seaside Theatre.
Player: Theatre
Guide Meruka: We call it the Seaside Theatre. Alyxo is managing this theatre since several decades to entertain the good people of Issavi. I can mark it on your map.
Player: blessings
Guide Meruka: Blessings reduce the death penalty, meaning that if you should die, you will lose less experience, fewer skill points and fewer to no items, if you have all five blessings.
Player: name
Guide Meruka: I'm Meruka. Pleased to meet you.
Player: time
Guide Meruka: It's 10:34 pm right now. Almost time for my lunch break, so hurry up if you need some information from me!
Player: job
Guide Meruka: I'm your guide to Issavi, the Golden City. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: (anything not a keyword)
Guide Meruka: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about this topic.
Player: bye / farewell
Guide Meruka: Good bye and enjoy your stay in Issavi, Player.
