Player: hi
Djema: Wow! A human? Here? Hey? Where do you come from, Simula? Oh, I'm so excited!
Player: name
Djema: My name is Djema. Daddy says it means 'Moonflower' in the old language.
Player: job / excited
Djema: I am the librarian in this place. I don't like the work too much because we do not really have that many books, and most of them are written by people who have died thousands of years ago. ...
Djema: If dad wanted me to have a job to keep me entertained that was a real non-starter.
Player: djema
Djema: That is my name. I do not like it much, though. Everybody around here calls me Djem.
Player: librarian
Djema: Yes. I administrate the library. You know - registering new books, sorting them in alphabetical order etc. ...
Djema: To be honest I am not very good in this. Thank goodness daddy gave that magical blackboard to me. It is quite useful.
Player: blackboard
Djema: Yes! All books we have are listed in it! The whole library! And the best thing is that whenever a new book is added or one is removed the list is updated by magic. Isn't that great! Take a look!
Player: dad / gabel / father
Djema: Gabel is my father. He runs this place. Of course, he is not my real daddy. But he adopted me, you know. Or rather, all the Marid adopted me.
Player: adopted / parents
Djema: I can't remember my parents. I... They have both died a long time. At least that is what I have been told. Listen, can we talk about something else?
Player: Marid
Djema: The djinn you have met call themselves the Marid. They are generally very nice. Nice, but boring.
Player: djinn
Djema: The djinn are a curious race. They are nice, but they are always so serious. Oh, don't get me wrong, there is not a single djinn around here I do not like, but, you know, they are not much fun. ...
Djema: I guess that is because they are all such devout followers of Daraman, but perhaps it is just because of all the bad things that have happened.
Player: Daraman
Djema: Daraman was a human, but he must have been something very special - he was a holy man. To this day daddy and all the other djinn around here look up to Daraman as a true prophet.
Player: malor
Djema: Malor is the leader of the Efreet. I have never seen him, but they say he is really nasty. Daddy always gets upset when this name is pronounced.
Player: pharaoh
Djema: Apparently he is an undead! Yuk - how disgusting!
Player: alesar
Djema: I have never known this djinn, but apparently there is some sad story behind this. Daddy is very sad that Alesar left us. Of course, he tries not to show, but as usual he does a bad job about it.
Player: melchior
Djema: Hm. I think I have heard that name before. A human, wasn't it? I think he used to drop quite often when I was much younger, but I have no clear memory of him. ...
Djema: I think he has not visited Ashta'Daramai for a long time.
Player: fa'hradin
Djema: Uncle Fad is a weird guy. He is incredibly intelligent, but he is also totally inept in worldly matters. Sometimes I feel he is not quite at home in this world.
Player: fa'hradin lamp
Djema: I have heard many a story about this artifact. It was used to trap that Malor guy. Clever idea of good old uncle Fa'hradin.
Player: zathroth
Djema: Yes, I have heard his name before. Let's see... Yes, I have read his name in a book! It was a book about gods and creation. Pretty weird stuff.
Player: kha'zeel
Djema: I don't know whether I should hate or love these mountains. I mean, they are so beautiful. If only you saw those peaks in the evening, when the sun is setting. It is like a thousand fires that set the horizon aglow. ...
Djema: But... ah, I don't know. I think I would give it all away if I could live somewhere among my own kind.
Player: kha'labal
Djema: That is the huge desert to the east. You can see it from here if you look in the direction of the rising sun. It seems huge... endless... It makes my heart sink whenever I watch it.
Player: ashta'daramai
Djema: That's what this place is called. Sure, it is beautiful, but it is as also boring and sometimes downright depressing. Sometimes I feel like I am bound to this place by golden chains.
Player: mal'ouquah
Djema: Oh, that place. They say it is pure evil. But I don't think it looks that evil. I have seen the dark fortress once, you know?!
Player: edron / thais / kazordoon / venore / carlin / ab'dendriel
Djema: I have read all about the northern cities. It is almost as if I had been there myself.
Player: ankrahmun
Djema: If there is one city I don't want to see it is Ankrahmun. I have heard all kinds of stories about the pharaoh and his cult of weirdos!
Player: darashia
Djema: Darashia is a beautiful city to the north. I have been there! One day Daddy disguised himself, and he took me there. It was awesome. ...
Djema: There was so much life and colour and excitement... <Sighs> I suppose he did it because he knew how much I yearned to go there. Bless him - he only wanted to help. But after that I felt worse than ever.
Player: efreet
Djema: Apparently the greenskins are different from the Marid who have raised me. I don't know. Perhaps the Efreet would be more fun than the djinn around here, but then daddy says they are really evil.
Player: king
Djema: Officially there is no king of the djinn. Daddy used to hold the title, but he has chosen to put if off. Of course, he is still the undisputed leader of the Marid. He simply dislikes the title.
Player: human
Djema: I have lived here for as long as I can remember, but I know I don't belong here. I belong to them! I am a human! One day I will leave this place, and I will never come back.
Player: tibia
Djema: Daddy has often told me about how huge and mysterious this world is. <Sighs> How much I would like to see it all. But he won't let me go. ...
Djema: I have read books about the northern continent inhabited by thousands and thousands of people. Ordinary humans just like you and me! Imagine that!
Player: palace
Djema: I do not care just how beautiful the pharaoh's palace is. I will never go there. The minute I would see some undead pile of flesh I would dash for the door screaming.
Player: ascension
Djema: I have heard that term before. Has to do with the pharaoh's cult, I think, but I do not know for sure, and I'm not particularly eager to learn more about it.
Player: akh / rah / uthun
Djema: Hm. No - doesn't ring a bell.
Player: scarab
Djema: Ah, those nasty critters. They give me the creeps!
Player: war
Djema: Daddy and all the other djinn around here are so restive lately. I know they try not to show it, but I can sense that they are tense and perhaps even a bit afraid. ...
Djema: To be honest I am sick of being patronised. I am a grown-up woman now, and I don't need anybody else's protection anymore!
Player: lamp
Djema: When I was still a kid I could not understand how it could be that I was not able to sleep in a lamp. ...
Djema: That was when I wanted nothing more than to be like the people around me. <Sighs> I may see things a bit more clearly now, but the feeling of yearning remains.
Player: book
Djema: The books around here are not exactly what I would call a riveting read. Most of them are technical documents written by uncle Fad at some point or other. Now and then he turns up and brings new files. Not that anybody would ever read them. ...
Djema: It is my job to make sure they are filed and registered.
Player: bye
Djema: Aww - you really have to leave so soon? You must come and visit me again. Please - promise me!
Djema: Please don't go!
