Player: hi / hello
A Strange Chalice: Hi? What do you mean 'hi' - can't you see I am a... I have to lower my voice. Did it occur to you, that this 'chalice' does not want to be disturbed?! Leave me alone!
Player: name
A Strange Chalice: 'Alice the chalice'... Hmpf, of course I won't TELL you my name, I am UNDERCOVER! Now be quiet or they will hear you.
Player: silus
A Strange Chalice: That's my name, I assume my daughter told you that. As soon as I finish my research here, I will return to her.
Player: job
A Strange Chalice: Well, I am drinking most of the time. Er, no I mean - trying to hold my fluids... ah, wait that came out wrong: I am doing research. Let's just keep it at that.
Player: time
A Strange Chalice: A good question - is it night or day outside...? Hm, alright I guess I am not much of a help here, sorry.
Player: zzubaran
A Strange Chalice: It's a password, you need it when you go through the fiery portal located somewhere in this temple complex. I don't know anything else about it since they just won't take me with them.
Player: news / rumours
A Strange Chalice: Do you bring news from my daughter?
Player: mission / quest
A Strange Chalice: As I already told you, from the day I received news of the discovery of Zao, I wanted to study its inhabitants, wildlife, plants and geography. ...
A Strange Chalice: The academy instated the 'Edron-Zaoan Exploration Division' shortly after. I was a founding member and head of the 'Draken' research branch. ...
A Strange Chalice: Since my valued and practical oriented colleague and mentor Spectulus did not join us, there is only one member of the academy exploration division to actually venture out to see the place - me. ...
A Strange Chalice: You must know, most things in the academy happen 'inside', behind closed doors. But some of us simply refuse to let theory reign over practical experience in science. ...
A Strange Chalice: Well, basically Spectulus is the only one likeminded so far. In fact, he incited me to work in the field in first place. So here I am! Disguised as a chalice.
Player: disguised
A Strange Chalice: Oh yes, so since I wanted to study the Draken up close, I came up with an idea. Based on my research, and some slight bruises and a scar, the perfect hiding place is often right in the middle of subjects. ...
A Strange Chalice: If I could enter their lair unseen and establish a forward camp, I would be able to study the draken in peace - or so I thought. Turns out the whole place was empty. I set up my camp and waited. ...
A Strange Chalice: Then something happened, lizardfolk started to appear, searching the place. I had to retreat from my hiding place and advance through a safer position. ...
A Strange Chalice: I needed to get close and blend in. So I came up with the ultimate disguise: a chalice. I could establish foothold right in their midst, would never be identified as an intruder and could even analyse their drinks! ...
A Strange Chalice: I quickly dug a tunnel to get into what I assume is a throne room and waited for them to pick me up and carry me around! ...
A Strange Chalice: They also 'used' me a bit, you don't want to go into any details here. I am really thirsty.
Player: thirsty / drink
A Strange Chalice: Ah did I say that? Nevermind, I'm not really thirsty. It's part of this illusion. Somehow, I've been in hiding for so long, I started to... become... a vessel. ...
A Strange Chalice: I don't know, I have that constant urge to drink but in this form I would not need to, there is no mouth, no stomach, no flesh and no actual need to eat, drink or sleep. ...
A Strange Chalice: I basically communicate by making the metal of this goblet vibrate and using its form as a body of sound. Like a real voice, don't you think?? Yes, alright I know it's creepy. ...
A Strange Chalice: I am still in the middle of my research and do not want to go home, so please tell my daughter to not worry about me - this will be a breakthrough! I already learned a lot!
Player: learned
A Strange Chalice: As I stated before, I tried for some time to figure out how to enter the fiery portal in this complex as most of the draken never come up here. They rather hide somewhere down there, planning and plotting. ...
A Strange Chalice: I already know how to enter it, you need to step in and yell 'zzubaran'. Unfortunately they never took me with them. ...
A Strange Chalice: I heard them say it once, when a seemingly drunk guard yelled it in front of a wall mounted torch, hitting his head against it afterwards. He spilt all my contents on the floor, hmpf.
Player: bye
A Strange Chalice: Shush! I believe they're coming!!
