The different Orders of the Dark Summoners: Necromancers, Blood Priests and Shadow Masters.

As it became apparent that the sands of Drefia were an ideal summoning spot and aggregation of Dark Powers, more and more of the brethren of the Dark Cults came and worshiped their Masters. In time, the different beliefs turned out distinct schools of followers, each with their own rituals that specialized and idolized separate aspects of the Dark Powers. The Necromancers were perhaps the earliest of all, soon followed by Priestesses of the Dark Lord, stealthily establishing their rights, rites and temples underneath the sands of Drefia; and in time, quarrels led rival necromancers to found their own groups in which to follow their secret purposes the way they saw fit, and feed - as well as feed on - the dark powers inherent to this place. The Blood Priests worship the fluids of life and death, and above all, blood of course, which they amass in horrendous quantities, as they attribute the most stupefying qualities to this fluid, and experiment extensively with it. This requires a constant supply of fresh bodies, and thus, Blood Priests are avoided even by their fellow Dark Summoners for fear of their life. The Shadow Masters in turn worship the more ephemeral aspect of the Dark Powers, and are extremely secretive to the point of never being seen. Only the Shadow Pupils, their apprentices, mingle with other students of the Dark Arts, and it is rumored by the other schools that they use the shadows of things and beings as a means of travel and transport, and can summon lesser spirits and demons forth from any shadow. This may or may not be exaggerated, but the Shadow School is unmistakeably a very mysterious order with secrets they never share outside their own ranks, and the little we know can only be gathered from their altars at the Dark Sites, where the Shadow Pupils seem to study the aspects of light and shadow , and are often seen pouring over strange inscriptions, and gathering ashes. As far as the author of this book is aware, Necromancers study the flow of life and undeath in all its forms, trying to control life in death and death in life, and ever finding new means of prolonging or shortening one or the other, without being squeamish about their means to do so. In their eyes, life and death are not necessarily mutually exclusive ways of existing - at least as far as concerns their study subjects. The Dark Priestesses seem to have a working relationship with the traditional school of necromancy, if indeed there is one, and specialize in mystic dances and chants that imbue objects and beings with the might of the Dark Powers, channeling the dark magical energies of this place . It is whispered they can hypnotise, drug and control other beings; but it is certain they make splendid salves, ointments, powders and concoctions, and on their wisdom of herbs the other schools draw upon. However, the Dark Priestesses charge heavy fees for their services, and not to pay them to their fullest satisfaction is said to be a sure way of incurring their wrath - which means a slow, painful death. channeling the dark magical energies of this place. It is whispered they can hypnotise, drug and control other beings; but it is certain they make splendid salves, ointments, powders and concoctions, and on their wisdom of herbs the other schools draw upon. However, the Dark Priestesses charge heavy fees for their services, and not to pay them to their fullest satisfaction is said to be a sure way of incurring their wrath - which means a slow, painful death. channeling the dark magical energies of this place. It is whispered they can hypnotise, drug and control other beings; but it is certain they make splendid salves, ointments, powders and concoctions, and on their wisdom of herbs the other schools draw upon. However, the Dark Priestesses charge heavy fees for their services, and not to pay them to their fullest satisfaction is said to be a sure way of incurring their wrath - which means a slow, painful death.