Player: hi
Morax: Ah, it's you again. I take it you have something I should see?
Player: name
Morax: Morax Astrolabius, humble traveller and keeper of the archives of our order.
Player: city
Morax: This must have been some settlement of importance, I imagine. I wonder why the demons are here - oh well, the items we're cataloguing will help find out.
Player: job
Morax: As researcher and keeper of the archives, I study, record and collect potentially dangerous heretic materials and beliefs. Books, scrolls, music, fil - I am sorry, what was I saying?
Player: no
Morax: Oh, well. Forget I asked. Go file those samples over there, please.
Player: yes
Morax: This is capital! Catalogue this, please. Anything else I should see?
Player: yes
Morax: Ah... well. Not bad. But those are rather small samples, aren't they? ...
Morax: Try to find some more for my experiments. - I meant files! Er, you can keep those to tinker with if you like.
Player: catalogue
Morax: Why, of course. You have to file all new heretic things. It is imperative to know what we are dealing with here.
Player: tea
Morax: Nothing like it to keep me going. Wonderful brew. I've got a special blend around here somewhere... where did I put it now?
Player: help
Morax: Ah, I believe you are the assistant brother Sandomo promised me? You can start by cataloguing the artefacts. Fetch some more; all you can find, in fact.
Player: thais
Morax: Ah, the home of our holy order. I do miss the comforts of civilisation, I confess. And my quiet study.
Player: roshamuul
Morax: Rosh...? Never heard of it before. It has an interesting ring to it. But let's not forget the essences we have to examine.
Player: mine
Morax: Ah, yes. No doubt they mined some valuable ore or so. But why they abandoned the mines and their city, I wonder.
Player: henricus
Morax: Now there is someone who understands the necessity of researching the ways of the enemy! I am looking forward to showing him the results of my field studies. That will show them. <mutters>
Player: them
Morax: I'm not saying any names, but you must have seen some of my brothers - staying safely in the camp and letting soldiers eradicate all new things to find? Not so very clever, to my mind.
Player: sandomo
Morax: Let's not talk about him, alright? Go find something to analyse.
Player: inquisition
Morax: We have a holy mission. I take these matters very seriously, you know. I need to find out everything about this heretic place - even if SOME people want to stop me. Huh.
Player: sleep
Morax: You know, since I've been here, I feel tired, but have never yet had to sleep! It must be something in the air.
Player: sleepwalking
Morax: Superstitious talk about a perfectly normal phenomenon for a child. I grew out of it when I was your age.
Player: pendulum
Morax: Very useful for autosuggestion and conditioning. I consider myself a little expert on the subject, as a matter of fact. ...
Morax: Want me to show you a little trick?
Player: trick (see 'yes')
Morax: Ah, yes, a pendulum's your best friend for autosuggestion and conditioning. As a matter of fact, I consider myself a little expert on the subject. ...
Morax: Want me to show you a little maneuver?
Player: bye
Morax: Sweet dreams. Heheh.
