Player: hi  
Costello: Welcome, Player! Feel free to tell me what brings you here.  
Player: name  
Costello: My name is Costello.  
Player: job  
Costello: I'm the abbot of the White Raven Monastery on the Isle of the Kings.  
Player: Isle  
Costello: We founded our monastery to guard the royal tombs and to gather wisdom and knowledge.  
Player: wisdom  
Costello: You may enter the library upstairs. Don't go any further upstairs, though, as this area is reserved for members of our order.  
Player: tibia  
Costello: That's the name of our world and its major continent.  
Player: god  
Costello: They created Tibia and all life on it.  
Player: life  
Costello: There are many different life forms in our world: plants, citizens, and monsters.  
Player: plant  
Costello: Just walk around, you'll see grass, trees, bushes and beautiful flowers.  
Player: white raven  
Costello: The legend tells us of a white raven which led the ship of the first monk of our order here. He discovered this isle and the caves beneath it.  
Player: order  
Costello: We founded our monastery to guard the royal tombs and to gather wisdom and knowledge.  
Player: caves  
Costello: Anselm, the first monk of our order, discovered them while looking for a suitable burial place for his king.  
Player: Anselm  
Costello: He was a humble and pious man, and he was chosen by the royal family of Thais to find a resting place for their dead.  
Player: king  
Costello: The deceased leaders of the Thaian empire rest beneath this monastery in tombs and crypts.  
Player: knowledge  
Costello: You may enter the library upstairs. Don't go any further upstairs, though, as this area is reserved for members of our order.  
Player: passage  
Costello: I was informed you have won the trust of the fisher Windtrouser so your passage should be granted.  
Player: ferumbras  
Costello: Don't mention this servant of evil here.  
Player: excalibug  
Costello: Sadly we have only little knowledge about this topic.  
Player: news  
Costello: Sorry, we rarely hear anything new here.  
Player: monster  
Costello: There are really too many of them in Tibia. But who are we to question the wisdom of the gods?  
Player: diary  
Costello: Thank you again for handing me that diary.  
Player: heal  
Costello: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I can't help you  
Player: holy water  
Costello: The holy water from our monastery is very special but no one knows why. Once their was a man who burnt himself by touching it. Later it turned out that he had killed several people  
Player: bye / farewell  
Costello: Good bye, Player!  
