The cloaks of terror are the remnants of demons that entered the realm of Zarganash just to be devoured and ripped to pieces by its inhabitants. Their demonic residue slowly remained trapped in the realm and over time mixed and fused with other soul fragments, ultimately forming a new, vile construct that once again roamed Zarganash as mindless force of hunger and destruction. The cloaks are predatory and mostly instinct driven beings that prey exclusively on the living. When no living being is present they roam wide areas in their mostly futile hunt for prey. Eventually they slow down considerably and fall into dormancy after some time. While dormant they meld into the environment and are almost undetectable. Their overall composition makes them an undesirable prey for other denizens of Zarganash and so they can spent their time in dormancy relatively save. How long it takes to let them slip into such a state is widely different and probably dependent on several factors. Yet it seems common that they gather at some spots before going into dormancy. If a living being, in theory a rare occurrence in Zarganash, enters their presence, they wake up almost simultaneously which is a truly terrifying sight. A mass of silent levitating bodies that floats towards their target is enough to shake even the bravest warrior. Even worse though they emit a sound, that only dogs and certain other animals are seemingly able to hear, but that is nonetheless unsettling and even frightening to most humanoid beings. Their life detection has a fair amount of range and is seemingly shared with other cloaks in an area. Whenever one of them is able to sense life, all others will know and act on it. Their waking up is almost immediately and they waste no time before heading towards their prey. They show a great amount of violence and cruelty in their attacks, yet they seem in no way or form to devour any matter or energy of their targets. So it is even more astonishing what draws them to the living specifically and why they attack them with such ferocity. Why a creature in the land of the dead should so heavily specialise on the living is yet another insidious trick that the realm seems to play on intruders. No cloak of terror has yet been unleashed upon the realm of the living. It can be hoped that it's very nature is so heavily bound to Zarganash, that the cloaks are unable to pass the shroud between realms.