The dream-born are a reclusive race of creatures that are shrouded in mystery. Only recent events led to a contact that shed some light on these peculiar beings. There seem to be two distinctively different kinds of dream-born, that align themselves with either the winter or the summer. Though there are conflicting reports about that alignment, the current theory is that there are two rivaling courts exists though it's still possible that there is just one court that changes in accordance to the seasons. In the few recorded encounters, the dream-born claimed to live in realms that their god created with his dreams. Given their obvious kinship to the common elves it's of course far more likely that they are just descendants of elves that fled the godwars into some kind of pocket dimension. They usually shun outsiders and rarely leave their own realm at all. What little information could be gathered about them suggests a lifestyle akin that of the other elves, though they seem to lack a cast system and have a feudal oriented society. Due to their isolation they developed odd quirks like the overemphasising of seasons, that hints at a primitive, animistic world-view. It's still recommended to improve any contact and further the knowledge about them for the sake of science. All research of their behalves is hampered by what some kind of disease that drives them mad and violent. The dream-born claim that this is caused by 'nightmares' which may hint that a feverish episode is the precursor of this madness. Although this disease seemingly does not spread to other species, it is still recommended to keep these aggressive lunatics at distance. This behavior gives new credit to the old saying: If bitten by an elf, please see your doctor. While the vanguard of the summer court are in general astonishingly disciplined and organised fighters for elves, the incursion of the nightmares have driven them mad and turned them against their kin. Vengeful for imagined slights and full of hate against anything not touched by the nightmare, they became a constant threat, attacking without any provocation. They still display the skill and training of their past but their clouded minds prevent them from forming strategies and the use of more complicated fighting maneuvers. They seem to enjoy slaughter and mayhem but there are reported cases in which they broke out of combat to indulge in a series of incoherent rants.