The while the tiny fungusworm is a common pest in the underground, that is destructive for fungus farms but easily repelled, the fifty times bigger deepworm with its ravenous appetite for even living beings is an entirely different matter. Gnomes tend to exterminate all fungus worm populations entirely, not only for the damage they could cause on fungus farms but for the fear they might be a younger state of evolvement of the deepworm. Though every research end evidence has disproven this theory, the typical gnomish mushroom farmer will take no risk. The true reproduction of the worm is as disgusting as it's other habits. Deepworms are both male and female. In their mating that is more an entangling and wrestling with each other, both compete to penetrate the other with some kind of stinger on their belly. The winner injects their eggs into the losers body. After a few days that worm becomes slow, fat and tired. After a few days he bursts and the deepworms that were eating it from inside out scurry in all directions. The deepworm itself is a disgusting creature with even more disgusting eating habits. Though it's usual diet consists only carrion and plant matter, the worms are known to attack weak, ill or incapacitated being. Their silent attacks on sleepers has cemented their reputation as disgusting killers that have to be exterminated. In the armies of those bellow the deepworms show a far more aggressive behaviour. They attack every enemy and are surprisingly capable fighters. if left alone they roam the depths almost mindlessly at a slow pace. In employ of the deep armies though they are disturbingly quick and mindless aggression can become frightening at times. They know no fear and will throw themselves at each and everything in their way. Their lack of self-regard make then dangerous fighters that will deliberately take a blow just to land a bite on their victim. Wounds don't slow them down, they don't even show any reaction to it. Their thick, stinking blood that closes their wounds quite fast is mildly corrosive to other creatures. After a battles they roam the battlefield and look for corpses to eat. This and their habit to burrow into the corpses let some of them end up in the belly of a devourer who compete with them for the spoils of war.