The shock head is a strange hybrid mix of a demon and a nightmare creature. It is impossible to tell if these creatures were once bred on purpose or if they are just some strange freak of nature. Their demonic nature gives them a more physical and reality-bound body, as well as the ability to breed. Their nightmarish origin bestows them several unique abilities and the resistance to the nightmare-ridden areas of Roshamuul. The shock head is disturbingly well suited to survive even in environments most hostile to life. To describe it as omnivore is an understatement since it does not only devour plants, meat and carrion without prejudice, it also consumes minerals, blood, life energy and even dreams. Its digestive system compresses everything that is not exploitable into rocklike structures that can be spat out like a bullet. Probably due to natural selection, the shock head population is extremely resilient, aggressive and dangerous. The regenerative powers of these creatures have captured the attention of alchemists that are trying to use several parts of the shock head as substitutes in health potions. Their eye-like organs are not used for vision, but as a weapon that can confuse foes in a distance and temporarily drains their skills. Lacking any form of intelligence, the shock heads are mindless beasts that roam the ruins of Roshamuul where they originated. Occasionally, large packs of shock heads band together at coastal areas for a strange ritual in which they howl to the moon in disharmonious unison, which is rumoured to drive listeners mad and trap them in eternal nightmares. Oddly enough, their bestial minds can be overwritten by certain means and they can be tamed. This process seems to be a permanent one, and has led to the shock heads leaving their original habitat of Roshamuul and breeding at other places. Inattentive and unscrupulous tamers helped to spread these creatures, and so they may be encountered in other places, since each following generation displays the normal wild and dangerous behaviour rather than that of their docile parents.