Minotaurs are born with a great inner rage that constantly threatens to drive them over the edge and turn them into berserkers that know no friend or foe, all the less concern for their own health or even some form of strategy. This state of mind is considered unclean by the minotaurs and their society had come up with several ways to cope with this problem. Yet no minotaur would foolishly deny that this inner rage is a constant companion in a minotaurs life. Sometimes this rage manifests in especially cruel ways. Some tragic minotaurs are born 'into the rage' as the minotaurs say. They never have a chance to battle their inner rage but are born into the world with fierce anger and bloodlust. Those young calves are taken into custody by special trainers, most of the high ranking mooh'tah masters. They train the youngsters to at least control somewhat of their rage and funnel it into certain tiresome and draining tasks. This upbringing with mining, hauling and woodcutting from the earliest age combined with the constant burning energy in them, lets them grow out of the proportions of normal minotaurs. Often easily twice as high as a minotaur this veritable giants are more beast then civilized minotaur. Regardless of the strictness of their upbringing they never grasp concepts of society. They never develop the ability of speech and only communicate through moohing sound to express simple emotions. Yet they understand simple commands and therefore are used as powerful work-machines and dangerous weapons in combat. Despite their strength and arguably usefulness they are shunned and despised by minotaur society. They are the lowest of the low and mistrusted. Oddly enough their handlers and trainers are usually regarded with admiration, because they take it upon them to handle the unclean so that the rest of the society can ignore their existence. Hardly more intelligent then a dog and only able to use the most simple tools and weapons the moohtants, as they are called by humans, are rarely deployed in battle unless times are very desperate. While the rulers of civilized places like Mintwalin tend to tow them away out of sight and use them in remote mines, younger communities can't afford such luxury and use their power with often dangerous frequency.