The mist covered air over Gnomprona hosts only little diversity in wildlife. The most common occurrence is the common bat, though they tend to stay in the upper layers of the mist for some reason. There they feast on the many flying insects that inhabit the mist but in turn become the major prey to the nighthunters. The name nighthunter seems inappropriate in an area that is shrouded in a constant gloom by blowing mists and clouds. Yet for some odd reason the nighthunters prefer to strike when the local mists occasionally darken, even if only slightly. Then their level of activity rises dramatically. This might hint at a day and night cycle that might have existed in Gnomprona in a distant past, yet that leaves to wonder how and why such a thing should have existed. Another theory suggests, that a lack of light mitigated some of the irritation powers of the mercurial menaces, the nighthunters prime competitors in the skies. Some Gnomish sages theorise that in the distant past a now extinct progenitor race, related to the Naga, at one point fled from the ground, where it was accustomed to day and night cycles, into the bowels of earth where they used their magic to recreate some patterns that resembles those known from their former home. This would put other theories that much of the above ground life originated in Gnomprona upside down of course. Unlike the other airborne threat of Gnomprona, the mercurial menace, they usually prefer to hunt in the upper layers of the mist. Given the sheer number of bats, they find enough prey to rarely leave this habitat. They breed in nests at the mountainous cliffs of the volcano and their sheer numbers are frighteningly high. The nighthunters encountered on ground are only a small fraction of the real population. They are the older nighthunters that became too big and lost much of their original agility. As they became unable to compete with their younger siblings in the skies they had to try their luck in hunts way closer to ground level. There they join the plethora of other predators yet seemingly still have a higher chance of survival. The one thing that improved with their age, however, is the toxify of their spittle. While the younger Nighthunters spit is a mere nuisance lover the years it becomes more and more poisonous and harmful, providing the older nighthunters on the ground leave a formidable weapon to hunt their prey or fed of competitors.