Zarganash's hostile environment gave birth to an own breed of phantoms that differs by the hazards that help to form them from the tormented souls they once were. Though in shape of little difference to other phantoms, the vibrant phantom in a spiritual sense is bloated, saturated and fat. It has absorbed many soul fragments and splinters and flourished in an unnatural way that is rare in Zarganash. But in the end the essence they devoured, bears the taint of Zarganash and unknown to themselves the vibrant soul is ultimately feasting on itself. This final atrocity, this ultimate trick, the deepest depth of the nether realm plays on them in the epitome of its perversion. Yet oblivious to their own nature the vibrant phantoms count them self to the winners in Zarganash and are at the top of the food chain. The many voices in their conscience are shoved away like annoying flies and the phantom enjoys its privilege and relative power. They actually interact with other vibrant phantoms and have built some form of community and even hierarchy. It's not uncommon for vibrant phantoms to band together in a common goal. In that way they are the most civilised of the phantoms, yet not less vile and aggressive towards outsiders. In their view Zarganash is their realm to rule and any opposition or intrusion has to be crushed without mercy. There are several 'courts' in which the vibrant phantoms indulge in the idea of hierarchy and greatness. They grant themselves imaginative titles of all sorts and even participate in royal hunts in which they hunt down randomly chosen victims. Sometimes they even take captives and hold mock trials in which they list al sort of transgressions against evenly made up rules. Such trials always end with the execution of the captive in a gruesome way. Still vibrant phantoms have one the highest levels of self-awareness of the damned and at least in theory a slight chance of redemption. Even though in the aeons that Zarganash exists not even a handful individuals are known to have attained such status, there are rumours abound and each vibrant phantom sees itself as the next candidate for greatness. Of the few that acquired that state, some found wisdom, others salvation or at least new power. The Dread Maiden is rumoured to have raised that way, but that's easy to say and next impossible to verify.