The dream-born are a reclusive race of creatures that are shrouded in mystery. Only recent events led to a contact that shed some light on these peculiar beings. There seem to be two distinctively different kinds of dream-born, that align themselves with either the winter or the summer. Though there are conflicting reports about that alignment, the current theory is that there are two rivaling courts exists though it's still possible that there is just one court that changes in accordance to the seasons. In the few recorded encounters, the dream-born claimed to live in realms that their god created with his dreams. Given their obvious kinship to the common elves it's of course far more likely that they are just descendants of elves that fled the godwars into some kind of pocket dimension. They usually shun outsiders and rarely leave their own realm at all. What little information could be gathered about them suggests a lifestyle akin that of the other elves, though they seem to lack a cast system and have a feudal oriented society. Due to their isolation they developed odd quirks like the overemphasising of seasons, that hints at a primitive, animistic world-view. It's still recommended to improve any contact and further the knowledge about them for the sake of science. All research of their behalves is hampered by what some kind of disease that drives them mad and violent. The dream-born claim that this is caused by 'nightmares' which may hint that a feverish episode is the precursor of this madness. Although this disease seemingly does not spread to other species, it is still recommended to keep these aggressive lunatics at distance. This behavior gives new credit to the old saying: If bitten by an elf, please see your doctor. The rearguard of the winter court have fallen far from what they once were. The first encounter of them probably took place not in their own realm but on Tibia. Just recently some older reports about an attack on a caravan could be connected to them. In the reports of the few survivors the caravan in question was attacked by a roaming orcish tribe. When all seemed lost, the orcs where attacked by what they would later call elf-like 'bow-furies'. At first the traders and their mercenaries were happy about their unsuspected rescue until they recognized their 'saviors' made no difference between men or orc, shooting and hacking their bloody path through them. At least the ferocious attack gave some of them the opportunity to escape with their bare lives at least. When the survivors later returned to the battle-site with reinforcements they found everyone slaughtered, not even the horses and pack-animals were spared but nothing of the goods were plundered at all.