The dream-born are a reclusive race of creatures that are shrouded in mystery. Only recent events led to a contact that shed some light on these peculiar beings. There seem to be two distinctively different kinds of dream-born, that align themselves with either the winter or the summer. Though there are conflicting reports about that alignment, the current theory is that there are two rivaling courts exists though it's still possible that there is just one court that changes in accordance to the seasons. In the few recorded encounters, the dream-born claimed to live in realms that their god created with his dreams. Given their obvious kinship to the common elves it's of course far more likely that they are just descendants of elves that fled the godwars into some kind of pocket dimension. They usually shun outsiders and rarely leave their own realm at all. What little information could be gathered about them suggests a lifestyle akin that of the other elves, though they seem to lack a cast system and have a feudal oriented society. Due to their isolation they developed odd quirks like the overemphasising of seasons, that hints at a primitive, animistic world-view. It's still recommended to improve any contact and further the knowledge about them for the sake of science. All research of their behalves is hampered by what some kind of disease that drives them mad and violent. The dream-born claim that this is caused by 'nightmares' which may hint that a feverish episode is the precursor of this madness. Although this disease seemingly does not spread to other species, it is still recommended to keep these aggressive lunatics at distance. This behavior gives new credit to the old saying: If bitten by an elf, please see your doctor. The sirens of the summer court are the bloodthirsty elite of those that were overcome by the nightmares. Whatever their combat role might have been in their previous life, after they 'turned' they became a veritable threat that is hellbent on the utter destruction of an enemy. Using all weapons, spells and abilities at their disposal, they show the most tactical abilities of all crazed dream-born. Even amongst the other maddened elves they seem to command a certain amount of respect and authority for all that might be worth. They are often the leaders of onslaughts on intruders but also on attacks on the fortifications of uninfected dream-born. Don't be fooled though, they are not to be reasoned with. Any discussion they seem to engage in only has the ultimate goal to allow reinforcements to arrive or the enemy to be circled.