The Grimeleech is a strange breed of demon that only recently surfaced. It seems that there was once an ancient demonic progenitor race of lesser demons which infested the demonic realm like vermin and survived on the garbage of higher demons. In the last few decades, this lesser demon vermin seemingly vanished completely and instead, the Grimeleech surfaced. Some self-proclaimed experts on demonology and zoology claim that the Grimeleech is somehow connected to the Hive creatures, but even they heatedly debate whether the Hive in some way infected the demons, or whether the demons absorbed some of the Hive's attributes. It is undeniable though that the Grimeleech breed soon left its mark in the ranks of demonkind. Especially their ability to harmoniously work together is a trait rarely seen in demons. The vast number of Grimeleeches spread out into different swarms led by powerful matriarchs. In something resembling a forced evolution, Grimeleeches grew significantly in power and importance in the demonic ranks. Other demons eye them suspiciously, and while some will not accept them as true demons at all, others are more concerned with where and when the Grimeleeches' increase in power and abilities might end. However, Grimeleeches usually stick to their own and mind their own sinister businesses. They inhabit the more unpleasant, least contested spaces in the demonic realms, and are highly territorial. Only recently some demon lords have recognised their potential and tried to integrate them into their forces; and others soon followed so as not to leave a potential weapon solely at their rivals' disposal. The Grimeleech matriarchs seem unconcerned about sending some of their troops to assist the demonic leaders, if only for the fact that the little time and resource it costs to replace some fallen soldiers is of small consequence to them. The birth rates of the Grimleech can swell to enormous numbers if required by the matriarchs. How the demons really reproduce is shrouded in mystery, though. In combat, they show little regard for their own health and try to cause as much damage as possible. While the ordinary Grimeleeches seems to have little personality, and no ambition beyond serving their matriarchs, it would be wrong to say they enjoy the carnage and bloodshed they are often involved in. Instead, they are just frighteningly unconcerned and highly efficient. These facts make the Grimeleech a force to be reckoned with; and one that might further shake and change demonic society.