In ancient times the mago-mechanic Worker Golems used to be a common sight in Yalahar. They made a major contribution to Yalahar's wealth and luxury, ensuring that at least the upper classes had not to worry about mundane tasks.They are constructs made of a variety of magical artefacts. Moreover, Worker Golems own some sort of intelligence gained in a ritual not too different from the one which modern wizards use to create stone golems. With powerful runes and enchantments, some spirit have been called into the golems. Worker Golems are much more limited and specialised than other golems but they are also more precise and easier to control.The Worker Golems came in many varieties, serving as construction machines, transporters, guards and butlers. In the course of the centuries, more and more of the Worker Golems malfunctioned and deteriorated. Nowadays, not many of the old golems are left. Although some cunning magicians figured out how to repair, control and even create such constructs, the processes involved are extremely time-consuming and expensive. For this reason, Worker Golems outside of Yalahar are a rather rare sight, and many of the still functioning ones are badly affected. Such Damaged Worker Golems are of course much weaker and less durable than the repaired and intact versions.Though the initial commands of the golems prevented that they attacked a Yalahari, this instructions seem not to be valid for outsiders such as humans. This is probably caused by the fact that outsiders were very rare in the glorious past of the city, nonetheless, nowadays it poses a threat and often leads to fatal attacks. Of course, this is another point while Worker Golem are hardly in usage nowadays.Although the Worker Golem has become rare over the centuries, there are still some old factories were an unsuspecting explorer might encounter some of these golems mindlessly doing some kind of work. Worker Golems attack intruders with different built-in magic tools using them quite effectively as weapons.