Mean lost souls managed to retain a certain level of consciousness. Instead of coming to terms with the reasons they got lost, they embrace their conflicts and hatred. They are driven by malicious intents and roam the nether realms almost in a predatory way. Some of them manage to evolve into more malicious forms after a long time of existence. This is often encouraged by a dark mentor that already acquired such a state. Such mentors tend to gather a cultish following of mean lost souls that serve as their minions and army. Others band together in loose-knit groups of mutual benefit. Though relatively rare, their conscious efforts or assignments lead them into the more populated areas of the netherworlds that raise the chance to encounter them significantly. They often relish into inciting other kinds of lost souls to join them in their attacks by means unknown to modern researchers. The malicious component of the mean lost souls seem to be a vital and driving factor in their existence. If in some way pacified, the mean lost souls revert to an instinctive state of mind out of which they sometimes cant switch back. Mean lost sous seem strongly attracted to the world of the living and often try to cross the barriers. By their nature such travel seems impossible but the weakening of the veils between worlds in recent times could make such a breach entirely possible. What might happen to mean souls that manage to pass through is yet up to speculation with haunting manifestations seen as the most likely outcome. Other more disturbing theories assume that a mean spirit in our world would be able to feed on life and soul alike and become some form of revenant with yet in-gaugeable power. In the nether realms their presence seems to cause some kind of pollution. Their aggressive mean spiritedness seeps outwards and changes the malleable essence of the nether realm in twisted ways. Over time their continued presence has created foul lairs of evil, pockets of despair and corruption in which their nature seems to thrive. Such lairs often catch the attention of other beings of evil wandering the underworld. Sometimes they just join the lost souls that reside at such places, in other cases they outright kill or drive away the former inhabitants and take over. Some of the dark mentors are even rumored to have used the mean lost souls to created their own twisted kingdoms of evil in remote pockets of the realms of the dead.