Examinations of slain and caught cave chimera suggest that these creatures, albeit mostly organic, are artificial constructs of some sort. Their natural organs are intertwined with organic yet artificial material, that resemble plating, tubes and hoses. Parts of them are seemingly stitched together (though the term 'stitched' is only used here in lieu of a more fitting word). The absence of such modifications in other observed minions of Those Below raises a slew of questions that are yet left unanswered. The most valid theory suggest that the technology and procedures used in the creation of the cave chimeras are the spoils of war with some unknown underground races, that are used or mimicked by Those Below without fully understanding them.Gnomish scientists have given up their tries to understand the technology behind those modifications as the whole approach to them seems utterly alien and immoral.Be it as it may the cave chimeras seem to be optimised for battle and serve as stoic soldiers in the forces of Those Below. In contrast to other minions in said armies they seem to lack the prevalent aggressiveness, usually displayed by them. The cave chimera seems bar of any emotion at all and only displays the most basic self-preservation instinct. They don't flinch or falter regardless how inevitable death might be. They lack any eagerness for battle but make up for it with their diligence. A lonely cave chimera will still attack outsiders, probably due to some basic conditioning.As many other creatures that make up the 'arsenal' of Those Below they are rather mindless and have to be controlled by others. Unlike other minions though, it seems they can be given quite specific and mildly complicated orders in advance, that they will unquestionably follow. Such 'pre-ordered' individuals lack any flexibility and are unable to react to unforeseen changes. So the might mindlessly walk against some gate that has already been shut and at least in one occasion a squadron of cave chimeras stoically walked into their death from an already collapsed bridge.