Planestrider: I am and never was. The first final piece of a puzzle, put back into its box. But how many boxes are there, how many will there ever be? All of them. There will be all of them.
Player: hi
Planestrider: See, all of this is being repeated. Are you satisfied? Has everything turned out as you hoped it would? No?
Player: No
Planestrider: Whatever you say, this *is* the point of no return. For me at least. I can tell you what you want to hear of course, or... I can just go on as I see fit. Any objections?
Player: Yes
Planestrider: As if I would actually offer you any options. It is as it is and there's nothing more I can do here anyway. I tried to make you stop, I threw in all obstacles into your way that I could think of. ...
Planestrider: But were you satisfied? No. Of course not. An insatiable thirst for - what was it you seek, knowledge? Secrets? Or are you one of those who just want to know who or what was lurking behind all this?
Player: No
Planestrider: Again, your opinion here has no weight amidst the things we have now set in motion. Together, you and I. Out of respect for your endeavour I will, however, continue. ...
Planestrider: You're not too late, neither are you too soon and you're most certainly not right on time. ...
Planestrider: You are a part of this, just like me, and while you were keen to put your nose where you shouldn't, you - same as I - also accomplished everything you were asked to. ...
Planestrider: I talk to you at exactly the moment you were meant to hear it, more or less. At a certain point I realised that getting you to do certain things in a certain order required nothing but patience. ...
Planestrider: I didn't even need a secret password! You, however, did. You were searching for passwords, codes and hidden meanings like your life would depend on it. ...
Planestrider: So, finally, here you are. In one of my own planes. On my turf, breaking my rules. You just couldn't stop, could you?
Player: Yes
Planestrider: Well, either way, you're here now and you wiped my physical existence from every dimension you gained access to. ...
Planestrider: However, in doing so, you have also helped me materialise in a completely different form outside of these bounds. ...
Planestrider: I continue to exist, I simply do. As the Planestrider was always connected to planes beyond. By now countless stories have been told, images have been made, discussions have been had - I exist and there is nothing you can do about it, can you?
Player: Yes
Planestrider: Sure. And the Planestrider itself? Of course it's more than just an individual now, or even a single being at all- it's an idea, a metaphor. ...
Planestrider: And behind all the puzzles, the challenges, the cryptic riddles... have you ever truly imagined who or what's behind all this, what actually hid all these secrets in the first place? ...
Planestrider: Then ask yourself what created this world? What has truly created this world? Yes... you know it. You knew it the whole time. We both do. The only difference is that I do because I'm meant to. ...
Planestrider: There won't be any satisfying answers here, it simply wouldn't be possible. But you already know that. If you're honest to yourself... you actually anticipated it, didn't you?
Player: Yes
Planestrider: As for your very own destination, I assume this world has other plans for you. There is no such thing as destiny but some things have been laid out for you well before you even came across them. ...
Planestrider: There will be other paths for you to pursue and it's your task alone to try and succeed. ...
Planestrider: Our paths finally cross and our time 'together' has come to an end. For you, my part ends here. No longer can I predict yours in the same way I could in the past. Your resilience truly earned my respect, however. ...
Planestrider: And so my last words to you, which will undoubtedly be repeated countlessly in the future together with everything else the Planestrider has said and done, are: I'm glad you exist, Planegazer.
