Player: hi
Ahmet: Be mourned pilgrim in flesh. I'm selling general goods. Just ask me for a trade.
Player: hi
Ahmet: You are too late for work you lazybones! If you see something suspicious, tell me right away!
Player: hi
Ahmet: Ohh, milord showing up again! Let me tell you something! YOU ARE FIRED!
Player: name
Ahmet: I am the mourned Ahmet.
Player: time
Ahmet: It would be foolish of me to tell you the time as you won't buy a watch then.
Player: job
Ahmet: Are you interested in being my private security slave ...er...officer?
Player: no
Ahmet: Then not.
Player: yes
Ahmet: Wonderful!! Okay listen, you have to watch my shop while I'm inside. Don't walk away, no eating during work and if you got beaten up, it is your own problem! ...
Ahmet: You will earn 200 gold coins a month BUT only if you fulfil your duties to my satisfaction. Now do your work and let me do mine!
Player: bye
Ahmet: What do you mean with 'bye'?? You got to stay here dutifully!!
Player: suspicious
Ahmet: I am starting to believe that YOU are the suspicious one here!
Player: quit
Ahmet: You want to quit?? Alright, I won't hold you up. Have a nice life and visit me from time to time!
Player: document
Ahmet: Such documents are not cheap. It will cost you no less than 10000 gold. Are you interested?
Player: no
Ahmet: Well, then not.
Player: yes
Ahmet: And here they are! Now forget where you got them from.
Player: temple
Ahmet: The temple is a school for us mourned mortals. The teachings of the temple help us to find our way through our mortal days.
Player: pharaoh / arkhothep
Ahmet: Blessed be the Pharaoh. He is our saviour. I hope that I will be chosen one day.
Ahmet: Our pharaoh holds the key to our ascension. Praised be our pharaoh.
Player: oldpharaoh / ashmunrah
Ahmet: The foolish old Pharaoh withheld knowledge and power from his son, knowing that he would surpass him in every aspects. But his son granted him the chance to ascend.
Player: scarab
Ahmet: The eternal burrowers are the keepers of all the secrets their kind has unearthed in countless aeons.
Player: chosen
Ahmet: Only the most worthy and pious are chosen to join the armies of the Pharaoh. In undeath they follow the path of ascension.
Player: tibia
Ahmet: The world is nothing but a sigil of death, a monument of decay. We have to attune to death to become one with the world.
Player: carlin / venore / edron / thais
Ahmet: The vain cities of the Tibian continent think they are at the centre of the universe. Little do they know about the wisdom of the Pharaoh.
Player: kazordoon / dwarves / dwarfes
Ahmet: We rarely see a traveller of the small folk here.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfes
Ahmet: Elves are a rare sight in our lands.
Player: darama
Ahmet: Life here is harsh, but only this way can we deny the temptations that might damage our Rah and our Uthun to our traitorous flesh.
Player: daraman
Ahmet: He was close to the truth, but he lacked the wisdom and vision of our pharaoh.
Player: darashia
Ahmet: The foolishness of their ways will eventually spell their doom.
Player: ankrahmun
Ahmet: Our city will endure the sands of the desert and the grinding teeth of time.
Player: ascension
Ahmet: Godhood is at our disposal if only we throw of the shackles of mortal flesh.
Player: arena
Ahmet: The arena is east of here.
Player: palace
Ahmet: The palace is the home of our beloved Pharaoh.
Player: mortality
Ahmet: Mortality is our curse. Mourned shall we be.
Player: false gods
Ahmet: The great traitors are trying to doom us.
Player: mourn
Ahmet: We are mortals and thus miserable creatures that are to be mourned.
Player: undead
Ahmet: Undeath is the path to ascension which the chosen may follow.
Player: akh
Ahmet: Your cursed bodies are called the Akh. As long as we are alive the Akh makes us weak and vulnerable.
Player: rah
Ahmet: The Rah could be called our soul.
Player: uthun
Ahmet: The Uthun is that what we learn and remember.
Player: akh'rah uthun
Ahmet: The Akh'rah Uthun is what we are.
Player: <vanish>
Ahmet: Where are you heading?? Come back NOW you lazybones!!! You won't get a single gold coin if you leave!