Player: hi  
Arito: Be mourned, pilgrim in flesh. Be mourned in my tavern.  
Player: name  
Arito: My name is Arito.  
Player: job  
Arito: I'm the owner of this tavern. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: time  
Arito: It is exactly 6:55 am.  
Player: tavern  
Arito: This tavern is called the 'Old Scarab's Shell'. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Arito: Sure, browse through my offers.  
Player: ankrahmun  
Arito: Our city is a marvel. It is the envy of the whole world.  
Player: darama  
Arito: This is our continent. Ankrahmun is its biggest and most marvellous city.  
Player: daraman
Arito: I know little about his heretic teachings.
Player: ferumbras  
Arito: This servant of evil won't even dare to enter our city and to call the wrath of our Pharaoh upon him.  
Player: pharaoh  
Arito: Our Pharaoh is our father, shepherd and teacher.  
Player: city  
Arito: Our city is a marvel. It is the envy of the whole world.  
Player: mission / quest  
Arito: You helped me more than enough. I am so glad and thank you.  
Player: undead  
Arito: Undeath is a blessing.  
Player: uthun  
Arito: The Uthun is what we learn and remember.  
Player: rah  
Arito: The Rah is our vital force. It is the source of our inner light.  
Player: darashia  
Arito: A city of the lost.  
Player: tibia  
Arito: Why? This is our world of course.  
Player: tibianus  
Arito: A foolish king who resides over foolish mortals.  
Player: thais  
Arito: Thais is the capital of an insolent realm. Its people embrace life without understanding the alternative.  
Player: drink  
Arito: Do you want beer, wine, lemonade, or water? Ask me for a trade to make your choice.  
Player: carlin  
Arito: Carlin is the twin sister of Thais. Another city that hasn't found the true path yet.  
Player: nomad  
Arito: I already told you my story and don't want to repeat it.  
Player: excalibug  
Arito: Our Pharaoh does not have any use for such a weapon. As powerful as it may be, it is nothing compared to his divine power.  
Player: buy / sell / ware / offer / goods / stuff / equipment  
Arito: Food and drinks as much as you can pay for. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Food  
Arito: We offer fish, bread, cheese, ham, and meat. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: army  
Arito: Our army is strong and unyielding.  
Player: arena  
Arito: In the arena life challenges death. Death will be victorious in the end, but in the meantime there is much for the living to learn in preparation.  
Player: mourned  
Arito: Mortality is a curse. That is why mortals have to be mourned.  
Player: list  
Arito: I already told you my story and don't want to repeat it.  
Player: mortality  
Arito: Mortality keeps us from finding our way to ascension.  
Player: ascension  
Arito: For us mortals ascension is but a distant dream.  
Player: news / rumors  
Arito: I've heard some blasphemous adventurers have excavated one of the ancient burial sites in the desert.  
Player: temple  
Arito: The temple is to the east, not far from the shore.  
Player: palace  
Arito: The residence of our beloved Pharaoh can be found to the south of the arena.  
Player: special  
Arito: I don't think our city offers anything that special. Well, save for embalming fluids perhaps. Our alchemists and priests have perfected it.  
Player: farewell / bye  
Arito: Do visit us again.  
