Player: Hi
Ishebad: Be mourned, pilgrim in flesh. Are you looking for a promotion?
Player: name
Ishebad: I am Ishebad the chosen.
Player: job / arkhothep
Ishebad: The pharaoh wants not to be disturbed. I am his grand vizier and responsible for the daily affairs of the city and promotions of heroes.
Player: time
Ishebad: Time does not matter to the undead.
Player: promotion/yes
Ishebad: Do you want to be promoted in your vocation for 20000 gold?
Player: yes
Ishebad: You are already promoted.
Player: Temple
Ishebad: The temple will take care of your spiritual matters.
Player: Tibia
Ishebad: This world just awaits the wisdom of our pharaoh. It needs that wisdom and will soon learn to appreciate it.
Player: Kazordoon / Ab'dendriel / Venore / Edron / Thais
Ishebad: Other cities are of no importance. Ankrahmun will become the centre of the known world anyway.
Player: Ankrahmun
Ishebad: Our city will become the capital of a worldwide empire.
Player: Darashia
Ishebad: This village is so insignificant that our wise pharaoh has chosen to ignore it.
Player: Darama
Ishebad: The rule of our beloved pharaoh will soon span this continent and one day the whole known world.
Player: daraman
Ishebad: Some lunatic who was driven mad by the heat of the desert and dehydration.
Player: Pharaoh
Ishebad: Our immortal ruler, may he be blessed, is the keeper of our enlightenment and our saviour.
Player: ashmunrah
Ishebad: The fallen pharaoh did not see it was time to step back and let his son rule. So he met the fate that he deserved.
Player: Scarab
Ishebad: The scarabs are keepers of secrets. Some secrets are not meant for you mortals. Ever keep that in mind.
Player: ascension / uthun / rah / akh / akh'rah uthun
Ishebad: Consult a priest to learn how you could achieve ascension.
Player: ascension
Ishebad: Consult a priest to learn how you could achieve ascension.
Player: mourned
Ishebad: You mortals are all to be mourned for your miserable existence.
Player: Eremo
Ishebad: It is said that he lives on a small island near Edron. Maybe the people there know more about him.
Player: mortality
Ishebad: If you please our pharaoh, he will reward you and free you from your mortality.
Player: Undead / Undeath
Ishebad: Undeath is only for the chosen.
Player: Farewell/Bye
Ishebad: Good bye, Player!