Player: hi / be mourned pilgrim in flesh
Jezzara: Be mourned pilgrim in flesh. Talking of flesh, maybe you'd enjoy some food?
Player: name
Jezzara: I am the mourned Jezzara.
Player: job
Jezzara: I sell food of various kinds.
Player: time
Jezzara: You can buy watches here in the markethall.
Player: food
Jezzara: I can offer you meat, ham, salmon, fish, fruits and vegetables. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: fruit
Jezzara: I have oranges, bananas, grapes, pumpkins and melons. Ask me for a trade to place your order.
Player: vegetable
Jezzara: I have carrots and tomatoes. Ask me for a trade to place your order.
Player: temple
Jezzara: The temple can be found in the northeast of the city.
Player: pharaoh
Jezzara: The pharaoh is our godking and the founder of our religion.
Player: oldpharaoh
Jezzara: He was entombed in undead state. It is said that this will finally teach him to to strive for ascension.
Player: scarab
Jezzara: I am not afraid of something that attacks only my physical form. But they stay away from the city anyway.
Player: tibia
Jezzara: The world can be a dangerous place for the whole of the Akh'rah Uthun.
Player: ankrahmun
Jezzara: This city is a safe haven that gives shelter from the dangers of the desert.
Player: darashia
Jezzara: We are usually not allowed to travel that far without explicit permission, so we know this city mostly from the tales of travellers.
Player: carlin / thais / edron / venore
Jezzara: The cities of the Tibian continent have little contact with us.
Player: kazordoon / dwarves / dwarfes
Jezzara: Dwarves are not really fond of the endless sands of the desert. I must say I can't blame them for it.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfes
Jezzara: Elves don't like this land too much so we have little contact with them.
Player: darama
Jezzara: This continent is very diverse. There are deserts and mountains as well as a large jungle region.
Player: daraman
Jezzara: I know little of his teachings. The priests say his conclusions were inconsequent.
Player: mortality
Jezzara: The priests teach that mortality is a curse. I find it hard to understand but the priests will know best.
Player: false gods
Jezzara: As far as I understand the gods worshipped by other nations are nothing but imposters.
Player: ascension
Jezzara: Ascension is difficult to achive. Too difficult to achieve as long as you are still alive.
Player: akh
Jezzara: That is the body.
Player: rah
Jezzara: The Rah is the spiritual part of a being.
Player: uthun
Jezzara: The Uthun is the sentient part of all living things.
Player: akh'rah uthun
Jezzara: Well its just the Akh, the Rah and the Unthun.
Player: undead / undeath
Jezzara: Those who follow the pharaoh might become undead one day.
Player: arena
Jezzara: Sometimes spectacular battles are fought in the local arena.
Player: palace
Jezzara: The palace is where the mighty pharaoh resides.
Player: bye
Jezzara: May enlightenment be your path.