Player: hi
Peremin: Hi there. I hope I can help you, I really do. Did you know that we worked on some revolutionary vehicles here? No? Oh well.
Player: job
Peremin: I work here. Doin' the stuff that I'm ordered to.
Player: vehicles / glooth / glider
Peremin: So, you are looking for some kind of vehicle to ease travelling around these parts? Well then ...
Peremin: One of the teams I was in, recently conducted some experiments concerning some kind of glider. We were tasked with the actual flight of the thing. ...
Peremin: However, we could never quite get that thing to do what we asked it to. Still, a revolutionary thing - incredible, really. It was glooth powered but don't get your hopes up just yet. ...
Peremin: The only thing left from this project, are blueprints. We never got it to actually lift off. I know of some guy who claimed to have found a way - but that one is not working with us anymore. ...
Peremin: If I remember correctly, his name was professor Pierre Zeronex. But beware, that guy can be... dangerous. ...
Peremin: And even in case you find those plans, there are a lot of other factors and requirements to count in as well: ...
Peremin: We are constantly raided by bandits, we need a certain amount of clean glooth, you would need a way to constantly 'power' the glooth its running on and there is the 'secret ingredient' from that weird Zeronex.
Player: blueprints
Peremin: We usually draw blueprints before building anything. They also serve as documentation as well as base for prototypes, we also revise them often.
Player: minotaurs
Peremin: Never seen one. When they attack I keep me busy upstairs.
Player: rathleton
Peremin: What about it? It's up there, above us.
Player: magistrate
Peremin: No idea what they are doing. They tell us what to do and we do it.
Player: plant
Peremin: No rain, not too cold in winter. It's not that bad.
Player: stories
Peremin: Uh. Well. Things happen ye' know? Sometimes people gone missing. Bet is was the minotaurs or somethin'. Sometimes stuff happening, weird stuff.
Player: weird
Peremin: Man, strange stuff I tell ya'. Things movin' while you are not looking. Strange noises. It's some minotaur curse.
Player: maxxen
Peremin: Don't know all that science guys here by name, sorry.
Player: captain caveworm
Peremin: Captain Caveworm a true hero and I know people who have seen him like my grandma.
Player: bye
Peremin: Goodbye, still got some work to do. Check back later if you want.