Player: hi (under attack)
Cerebrir: Hurry, you fools. Time is short. We are under attack!
Player: attack
Cerebrir: They have overtaken the protective seals - something that should be impossible. ...
Cerebrir: However the forces of Variphor are swarming the inner wards and even worse, their attack is aided by traitorous demons. Should the inner sanctum fail, the knowledge they are after, would end up in their hands.
Player: seals
Cerebrir: They somehow captured our own seals that protected this inner sanctum and the hoards most prized secrets. This is only possible with inside knowledge.
Player: Variphor
Cerebrir: Don't use this name casually. Unlike me you are not trained to ward its taint and even I use that name only if necessary. ...
Cerebrir: It is the negation of everything. The ultimate foe of all that exists.
Player: traitorous
Cerebrir: The protection of the inner sanctum is fueled by Zathroth's power and was woven with secret knowledge by some of the most powerful demons that existed. ...
Cerebrir: There is no way, someone just figured out how to not only break but even corrupt such powerful enchantments. The invaders must have knowledge only an insider could possess. ...
Cerebrir: And obviously the invaders from beyond are joined in their attack by demonic forces. Some of them seem to have even embraced the powers from beyond and changed. ...
Cerebrir: Most of the traitors are low ranking, half-sentient rank and file demons, that just do what their superiors order them to do. ...
Cerebrir: It couldn't be more obvious that there's a betrayer in our ranks and considering the circumstances and insight this traitor has, it's someone high-ranking. However, that's something to deal with on another day.
Player: knowledge
Cerebrir: They probably come for the secrets of the godbreaker. One of many powerful secrets locked away here, out of reach of the mortal realms.
Player: godbreaker
Cerebrir: A weapon that could slay a god. A weapon that Zathroth, its creator, deemed too dangerous to exist. So he disassembled it and hid away its pieces. ...
Cerebrir: Due to trickery, the forces of Variphor managed to get hold of the godbreakers parts but its enchantments are complicated beyond comprehension of any but Zathroth himself. ...
Cerebrir: So now his minions are looking for the knowledge how to use it. And they seem to know, its hidden here in the veiled hoard.
Player: inside
Cerebrir: The protection of the inner sanctum is fueled by Zathroth's power and was woven with secret knowledge by some of the most powerful demons that existed. ...
Cerebrir: There is no way, someone just figured out how to not only break but even corrupt such powerful enchantments. The invaders must have knowledge only an insider could possess. ...
Cerebrir: And obviously the invaders from beyond are joined in their attack by demonic forces. Some of them seem to have even embraced the powers from beyond and changed. ...
Cerebrir: Most of the traitors are low ranking, half-sentient rank and file demons, that just do what their superiors order them to do. ...
Cerebrir: It couldn't be more obvious that there's a betrayer in our ranks and considering the circumstances and insight this traitor has, it's someone high-ranking. However, that's something to deal with on another day.
Player: hi (after attack)
Cerebrir: The battle was won but ultimately we lost.
Player: lost
Cerebrir: Their major attack was a feint! While we were fighting, someone secretly passed the wards and stole the knowledge of the godbreaker.
Player: someone
Cerebrir: It must have been the high-ranking traitor himself. Someone with intimate knowledge of the wards that were woven and the powers to pass them unnoticed.
Player: unnoticed
Cerebrir: Only someone who was present when the wards were created could have done this at all. This narrows the number of suspects significantly.
Player: suspects
Cerebrir: Demons are prone to infighting and the wards are older than you could comprehend. So most of the participants are dead by now. ...
Cerebrir: Prince Drazzak was mindwiped, locked away and is probably dead by now anyway. This leaves only select few candidates.
Player: candidates
Cerebrir: The hints are there, beginning with the acquisition of the godbreaker parts by Variphors minions. Considering all evidence and information, the traitor is none other than...
Cerebrir: ... ...
Player: seven
Cerebrir: The minions used in this coup will be worthless as sources of information, but there are other clues and leads. ...
Cerebrir: Trust in the fact that Zathroth will not take this insult lightly. The master of forbidden knowledge and secrets will not tolerate this treachery and find out who is behind this betrayal.
Player: betrayal
Cerebrir: The time of reckoning will come and one of the seven will fall. Zathroth's wrath will know no bounds and he will choose the executors to carry out his will. ...
Cerebrir: You have proven competent in fighting the forces from beyond and their traitorous allies. ...
Cerebrir: When the time comes, Zathroth will remember this and you might be called to serve him in his judgment. Until then, prepare yourself. ...
Cerebrir: The battles to come will be challenging and deadly. Hone your skills, improve your equipment and gather allies. You need all of those when the time comes. ...
Cerebrir: Now leave this place and spread the word that Zathroth goes to war. Tell the world that his wrath will crush anyone who dares to betray the gods to the powers from beyond!
