Player: hi
Brutus The Baker: Hi there Player. I guess you are here to assist me in my job!
Player: name
Brutus The Baker: I am Brutus. Brutus the baker, that is.
Player: job
Brutus The Baker: I'm a member of the Magic Bakery Alliance. We are an order that is dedicated to further the knowledge of bakery for the benefit of mankind. Our goals are as numerous as the recipes we come up with each season.
Player: isle
Brutus The Baker: Now that the isle is conquered, we can search for Kullu's secrets, at least for a while.
Player: baker
Brutus The Baker: We are a mystic order of bakers who pursue goals for the benefit of all mankind. Don't ever listen to the lies and propaganda spread by those who envy us.
Player: order
Brutus The Baker: We are a mystic baker order. Don't listen to those who envy us and spread ugly lies and propaganda. We are dedicated to uncover the greatest secrets about cooking and baking. ...
Brutus The Baker: Baking is the only trade worth to be considered. Without bakers everyone would starve. We are what ties a society together, preferably with a thick, sticky and sweet mass made of fruits. ...
Brutus The Baker: We are the momentum of culture. Baking is what divides civilization from barbarism.
Player: lies
Brutus The Baker: Though most of our noble order abandoned the more theoretical studies at the academies, it is an evil lie that we are failed students who know more about drinking and eating than about magic. ...
Brutus The Baker: Once we have revealed all of Kullu's secrets, we will be envied by all. And of course we all will become famous and incredibly rich.
Player: spells
Brutus The Baker: Kullu's spells are highly sought after. There are a few minor ones he sold before he became an eremite. And there are rumours about some others.
Player: rumours
Brutus The Baker: Well, for instance there is the ultimate sweetness spell that makes everything taste extremely sweet. Even if you freeze or hit your finger with an hammer it tastes sweet! ...
Brutus The Baker: Or the refill spell that refills your cup, bottle, bowl etc. as long as there is a tiny bit left in it. Marvels that we will rediscover!
Player: enemies
Brutus The Baker: Our enemies spread evil lies about us. Don't listen to that nonsense that we are failed students of the magic academies and know more about drinking and eating then about magic. ...
Brutus The Baker: As soon as we have revealed all secrets of Kullu, the world will know how important and special we are.
Player: goals
Brutus The Baker: Currently we are trying to reclaim another part of Kullu's wisdom. Year after year, we try our best to break the defences of Cake Keep Isle.
Player: Kullu
Brutus The Baker: He was a great mage but an even greater cook. His recipes and spells are priceless. Sadly, even if we succeed in breaking the defences of Cake Keep Isle, we will only manage to decipher a tiny fraction of his knowledge. ...
Brutus The Baker: And still we don't know what happened to Kullu. He retreated from our world to fully concentrate on his research on cooking recipes and spells. ...
Brutus The Baker: He was some sweet tooth for all that we know. And for sure a genius when it comes to baking and magic. ...
Brutus The Baker: His kitchen magic was that amazing, you could not tell where baking ended and magic started.
Player: help
Brutus The Baker: Yes, yes! Just step somewhere on the cake base on the isle. Then travel to one of our ingredient extractors at Thais, Carlin, Darashia, Liberty Bay and Edron. ...
Brutus The Baker: They will extract the cake mass that is stuck on you. So if you want to feed another extractor, you'll have to visit the isle again of course. ...
Brutus The Baker: If you manage to feed all five extractors before the time runs out, I will give you a special reward.
Player: goals
Brutus The Baker: Currently we are trying to reclaim another part of Kullu's wisdom. Year after year, we try our best to break the defences of Cake Keep Isle.
Player: goals
Brutus The Baker: Currently we are trying to reclaim another part of Kullu's wisdom. Year after year, we try our best to break the defences of Cake Keep Isle.
Player: kullu
Brutus The Baker: He was a great mage but an even greater cook. His recipes and spells are priceless. Sadly, even if we succeed in breaking the defences of Cake Keep Isle, we will only manage to decipher a tiny fraction of his knowledge. ...
Brutus The Baker: And still we don't know what happened to Kullu. He retreated from our world to fully concentrate on his research on cooking recipes and spells. ...
Brutus The Baker: He was some sweet tooth for all that we know. And for sure a genius when it comes to baking and magic. ...
Brutus The Baker: His kitchen magic was that amazing, you could not tell where baking ended and magic started.
Player: keep
Brutus The Baker: To be undisturbed, he placed his keep on an isle that existed on a planar instability which allowed him to phase the isle out of existence for most of the time. ...
Brutus The Baker: Additionally, he surrounded the isle with a sorcery of his invention that defied most attempts to reach it. ...
Brutus The Baker: It took us quite a while to figure out that he'd never be able to weave a protection spell against something he loved so dearly like cakes and bakery wares. ...
Brutus The Baker: So we came up with the idea of the bridge.
Player: bridge
Brutus The Baker: After a few failed attempts with gingerbread boats and the like, we figured out how to reach Cake Keep Isle. We used the very ingredients we could derive from his cake golem attacks to build a stable cake bridge to his isle.
Player: golem
Brutus The Baker: Ah well, that's an .. uhm .. funny story. ...
Brutus The Baker: You see, after the first expedition reached the isle, they took so long trying to find a way to Kullu's secrets that the isle began to vanish into the void while they were still there. ...
Brutus The Baker: The entire time, they were harassed by Kullu's cake golem guardians of the keep. In the last minute, they cast emergency teleports to their home cities. ...
Brutus The Baker: The good thing is it was not too late, and all escaped. Well, the bad thing is their spells somehow reacted with the void-rift of that place, building astral tunnels from the void to said cities. ...
Brutus The Baker: Now, whenever the isle manifests, the tunnels manifest as well. The ugly part is that through this one-way tunnels the cake golem army that was apparently sucked into the void has access to the cities and can raid them. ...
Brutus The Baker: But they are not only an annoyance but also our greatest chance. Nasty but tasty little buggers. They can be troublesome but we need them for our bridge construction.
Player: chance
Brutus The Baker: The golems that raid the cities supply us with two major materials that we need to build our bridge to Cake Keep Isle. ...
Brutus The Baker: One component is the sugary mass that can be gained if you slay one of them. We use it as a kind of mortar. ...
Brutus The Baker: The second part is a bit trickier to get. It is the raw cake material. It is kind of challenging to gain it. We built extraction machines that can drain the base material from the still animated corpses. ...
Brutus The Baker: We placed one in each of the raided cities. You will have to lure the golems into the machines, to extract the material from them. ...
Brutus The Baker: We need it to have a stable base material that is resilient against wind, weather and salt water.
Player: machine
Brutus The Baker: We invented machines that can extract the essence of the cake golems. That is the part which gives them the stability to move and withstand damage and environmental hazards. ...
Brutus The Baker: Well, actually we had them built by the dwarven technomancers. But it was us who figured out the basic principles! ...
Brutus The Baker: However, whenever a cake golem gets into one of those machines, it gets disassembled in the blink of an eye and we get the enchanted base which we use to build our bridge.
Brutus The Baker: That is, unless you are willing to help us in this matter!
Player: reclaim
Brutus The Baker: Now we are on Kullu's cake isle. We can gather some of his secrets before the isle will vanish again. But we won't be able to experiment with the secrets ...
Brutus The Baker: That is, unless you are willing to help us in this matter!
Player: help
Brutus The Baker: Yes, yes! Just step somewhere on the cake base on the isle. Then travel to one of our ingredient extractors at Thais, Carlin, Darashia, Liberty Bay and Edron. ...
Brutus The Baker: They will extract the cake mass that is stuck on you. So if you want to feed another extractor, you'll have to visit the isle again of course. ...
Brutus The Baker: If you manage to feed all five extractors before the time runs out, I will give you a special reward.
Player: reward
Brutus The Baker: Well, not all our experiments with Kullu's recipes went well. But even the failures are good for something. We used them to create some beautiful as well as practical pieces of furniture, storage and decoration. ...
Brutus The Baker: If you are interested - and have fed all five extractors with cake mass that is stuck on you -, I can hand you one.
Player: one
Brutus The Baker: You have a choice of three rewards. If you didn't already claim your reward, you can tell me which one you want: a cake cabinet, a cake backpack or a cake tapestry. ...
Brutus The Baker: I will also give you a very sweet and tasty cupcake, if you want one. What are you interested in?
Player: cabinet / backpack / tapestry / cupcake (before mission)
Brutus The Baker: I am sorry, but you did not earn your reward yet.
Player: cabinet / backpack / tapestry (after mission)
Brutus The Baker: Here it is. Handle it with care.
Player: cabinet / backpack / tapestry (after reward)
Brutus The Baker: Sorry, but you already got a reward this year.
Player: cupcake (after mission)
Brutus The Baker: You can have a blueberry cupcake, a strawberry cupcake or a lemon cupcake. Blueberries will regenerate your mana, strawberries are able to heal your wounds and lemons can steady your hand and sharpen your eyes. ...
Brutus The Baker: So, which one do you want?
Player: blueberry / strawberry / lemon (after mission)
Brutus The Baker: Here it is. Enjoy your meal!
Player: cupcake (after reward)
Brutus The Baker: Sorry, but you already got a cupcake this year.
Player: sugar
Brutus The Baker: We don't need any sugar anymore.
Player: bye
Brutus The Baker: Good bye.
Player: (vanish)
Brutus The Baker: Bye Player!