Player: hi
Dread Guardian: Hello, mortal. What are you doing in this realm?
Player: name
Dread Guardian: Your body is not made for pronouncing it.
Player: job
Dread Guardian: I am a guardian.
Player: guardian
Dread Guardian: I fight the essence of Devovorga and guard the portal to the upper world.
Player: realm
Dread Guardian: This is the realm of Devovorga.
Player: Devovorga
Dread Guardian: She slumbers, and she dreams... at least what is left of her essence.
Player: essence
Dread Guardian: The essence of Devovorga is trapped in this realm. Are you here to help me fight them?
Player: tentacle piece
Dread Guardian: Each of the incarnations of Devovorga requires a different number of tentacle pieces. Do you have tentacle pieces and wish to fight?
Player: no
Dread Guardian: Then leave fast.
Player: yes
Dread Guardian: There are five incarnations of Devovorga's essence: Anmothra, Teneshpar, Irahsae, Phrodomo and Chikhaton. If you're ready to fight one of them, you can give me tentacle pieces and I'll prepare your body to pass the gate that leads to them.
Player: Anmothra
Dread Guardian: The soul of Devovorga. Would you like to give me 2 tentacle pieces and fight this incarnation?
Player: Irahsae
Dread Guardian: The fury of Devovorga. Would you like to give me 5 tentacle pieces and fight this incarnation?
Player: Teneshpar
Dread Guardian: The dark knowledge of Devovorga. Would you like to give me 8 tentacle pieces and fight this incarnation?
Player: Chikhaton
Dread Guardian: The power of Devovorga. Would you like to give me 12 tentacle pieces and fight this incarnation?
Player: Phrodomo
Dread Guardian: The hatred of Devovorga. Would you like to give me 16 tentacle pieces and fight this incarnation?
Player: no
Dread Guardian: If you don't want to aid in protecting your world, that's your choice.
Player: yes
Dread Guardian: You may now enter the gate to the south as soon as the room is free. You have then 10 minutes to fight (boss). ...
Dread Guardian: If your powers fail you, you can flee from the fight - but you'll have to give me tentacle pieces again to gain another chance. Good luck. ...
Dread Guardian: Don't expect a reward from me - ensuring the safety of your world should be reward enough.
Player: tentacle piece / essence
Dread Guardian: You have already given me tentacle pieces to fight Devovorga's essence. You may enter the room to the south as soon as it's empty. ...
Dread Guardian: Or are you unsure about your choice? Do you want to fight a different incarnation?
Player: yes
Dread Guardian: Are you sure? I can't return the tentacle pieces you gave me. Do you really want to fight a different incarnation?
Player: no
Dread Guardian: Then go forth and do some slaying.
Player: yes
Dread Guardian: Then who do you want to fight? Anmothra, Teneshpar, Irahsae, Phrodomo or Chikhaton?
Player: bye
Dread Guardian: Leave fast.
