Player: hi
Kizar: Greetings, brave adventurer!
Player: name
Kizar: My name is Kizar.
Player: job
Kizar: I'm kind of a butler of the First Dragon. I used to be a bard but I decided I needed a job change.
Player: butler
Kizar: He has no unreasonable demands so the job is acceptable. Sometimes he's moody and some of his demands are strange, especially the deliveries he orders now and then. ...
Kizar: Well, rich and eccentric people are all the same, be they humans or dragons.
Player: deliveries
Kizar: The boss has some kind of agreement with the amazons of the Green Claw Swamp. They sent us all the goods we need.
Player: goods
Kizar: For a while they tried to train local wasps for deliveries, but later on they preferred to assign them to dragons.
Player: bard
Kizar: Yes, I travelled from town to town to perform my songs - sometimes for the populace, sometimes for the nobility. But eventually it took its toll on me.
Player: toll
Kizar: There is always this pressure and the possibility of failure. Also, there is a good chance that people hold you - a travelling stranger - responsible for everything from weather to bad harvests.
Player: responsible
Kizar: I couldn't stand the pressure anymore and decided I'd prefer working for a dragon.
Player: dragon
Kizar: Yes he hired me as his butler so to say. He is a real pain sometimes and requires me to bath in hot water - along with loads of vegetables. However, he is also not worse than my boss before him.
Player: thais
Kizar: I was born and raised there. Later I travelled the whole world as a bard.
Player: gods
Kizar: I just try not to upset the gods.
Player: ferumbras
Kizar: He was here as a visitor years ago. He left after a heated argument and never returned.
Player: excalibug
Kizar: I wouldn't be surprised if that old scaleface hid it somewhere in his secret lair.
Player: chess
Kizar: Yes. At the time I invented it, it had little in common with the version you know today. I changed and perfected it step by step. But the backlash was horrible!
