Player: hi
Emilio: Hello, brave fighter! What can I do for you? Do you want information, to trade drome points, talk about the old days or take a look at our famous Phants and attires?
Player: name
Emilio: Name's Emilio!
Player: information
Emilio: We keep a register of every fighter that comes through. If you want to know your personal drome level, starting level or drome points you came to the right place! ...
Emilio: If you want to know how all this works I have to ask you to refer to the sign over there. I just don't have the time to answer these questions.
Player: level
Emilio: Your current drome level is ***.
Player: starting level
Emilio: Your starting level for the current rotation will be ***. Do you want me to lower your starting level by five?
Player: yes
Emilio: There you go! I lowered your starting level to ***. Do you want to lower it again by five?
Player: yes
Emilio: I can't lower your level any further!
Player: drome points
Emilio: You accumulated *** drome points.
Player: trade
Emilio: What do you want to exchange your points for? It's your choice!
Player: phants
Emilio: They are our pride and joy. Take care of your Phant and it will make for a most trustworthy companion!
Player: attires
Emilio: You're interested in the Lion of War attire? That would be a well-invested 12500 drome points. Sound good to you?
Player: yes
Emilio: For 12500 drome points the Lion of War attire could be yours! As of now you amounted *** points.
Player: talk
Emilio: Well, I guess you'd like to know what I'm still doing here.
Player: job / doing
Emilio: I specialised in trading potions in exchange for arena badges. I always liked that job, watching the fights from time to time, helping younger heroes with their first fights. ...
Emilio: So I kept it. Actually my whole family earned their living this way, you can still meet my brothers and sisters by visiting the other arenas. ...
Emilio: Maybe you'll even get to know my whole family someday!
Player: arena badges
Emilio: In the old arena, if you finished all 10 waves of an arena battle, you'd obtain a fixed amount of arena badges. ...
Emilio: The exact amount depended on the selected difficulty level. ...
Emilio: I can check the total amount and offer you potions in exchange for them. Do you want me to hand out your arena badges now?
Player: yes
Emilio: It looks like you did not earn any arena badges.
Player: no
Emilio: Alright, take your time and ask me again once you made up your mind.
Player: surprise cube
Emilio: As a special service for our most valued customers, we used to hand out a surprise cube. By using it, you'd have a chance of getting nice little goodies.
Player: exchange
Emilio: It's quite easy. I give you arena badges for each arena battle you completed in the past. Surviving 10 waves against monsters in the arena granted you a fixed amount of badges depending on the difficulty level. ...
Emilio: You can keep the arena badges or exchange them for each kind of health, mana and spirit potions. I'll charge 1 arena badge for the amount of 100 mana or health potions. ...
Emilio: Emilio: 100 strong potions of either mana or health will be charged with 2, 100 great health potions with 4 and 100 great mana potions with 3, 100 ultimate potions of either type with 7 and 100 supreme potions with 10 arena badges. ....
Emilio: You can also select 100 great spirit potions for 4 and 100 ultimate spirit potions for 8 arena badges. ...
Emilio: Would you like to exchange for health, mana or spirit potions now?
Player: health
Emilio: Which size are you interested in: regular, strong, great, ultimate or supreme health potions?
Player: regular / strong / great / ultimate / supreme
Emilio: Do you want to exchange one arena badge for 100 health potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange two arena badges for 100 strong health potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange four arena badges for 100 great health potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange seven arena badges for 100 ultimate health potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange ten arena badges for 100 supreme health potions? Yes or no?
Player: mana
Emilio: Which size are you interested in: regular, strong, great or ultimate mana potions?
Player: regular / strong / great / ultimate
Emilio: Do you want to exchange one arena badge for 100 mana potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange two arena badges for 100 strong mana potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange three arena badges for 100 great mana potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange seven arena badges for 100 ultimate mana potions? Yes or no?
Player: spirit
Emilio: Which size are you interested in: great or ultimate spirit potions?
Player: great / ultimate
Emilio: Do you want to exchange four arena badges for 100 great spirit potions? Yes or no?
Emilio: Do you want to exchange eight arena badges for 100 ultimate spirit potions? Yes or no?
Player: no
Emilio: No problem, take your time!
Player: difficulty
Emilio: There were 5 difficulty levels when fighting against waves of monsters in the old arena. Each difficulty level granted you a certain amount of arena badges. ...
Emilio: Level 1 granted one badge, level 2 granted two, level 3 granted three, level 4 granted four and level 5 granted seven arena badges.
Player: bye
Emilio: Take care and come back soon!
Player: (walks away)
Emilio: Have fun in the Tibiadrome!
