Player: hi
Guide Jonathan: Hello there, Player and welcome to Edron! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything not "information" or "map")
Guide Jonathan: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Jonathan: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temple, the bank, shops, spell trainers and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town / Edron
Guide Jonathan: The town of Edron with its shops and facilities is built inside strong castle walls. Another remarkable building is the magic academy.
Player: shops
Guide Jonathan: You can buy weapons, armor, tools, gems, magical equipment, furniture, spells and food here.
Player: academy
Guide Jonathan: The academy of Edron with its impressive ivory towers can be found to the south east of the settlement, outside the castle walls. I can mark it on your map.
Player: weapons
Guide Jonathan: Willard sells all sorts of weapons, armor and distance equipment in the eastern part of the castle.
Player: armor
Guide Jonathan: Willard sells all sorts of weapons, armor and distance equipment in the eastern part of the castle. If you're looking for light clothing, visit Rudolph south of Willard's shop.
Player: tools
Guide Jonathan: General goods like ropes and shovels can be bought in Beatrice's shop in the eastern part of the castle.
Player: gems
Guide Jonathan: Iwan's jewel store is outside the castle walls. Just exit the castle to the south and follow the path to the east.
Player: magic / spells / potions / runes
Guide Jonathan: Magical equipment like runes and potions can be bought at Alexander's. His shop is in one of the towers of the academy to the south-east.
Player: furniture
Guide Jonathan: Edvard's furniture store is outside the castle walls. Just exit the castle to the south and follow the path to the east.
Player: spells
Guide Jonathan: There are no specific vocation trainers in this city. However, there are many skilled magicians in the academy to the south-east. Ask them for their spells.
Player: food
Guide Jonathan: Bonifacius sells different delicacies north of the depot. Also, you can buy mushrooms from Luna in the magic academy.
Player: temple
Guide Jonathan: The temple is near the shop area in the eastern part of the castle. Just go downstairs.
Player: bank
Guide Jonathan: Our local bank clerk is called Ebenizer. You can find him north of the depot, near the food shop.
Player: depot
Guide Jonathan: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: world status
Guide Jonathan: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Jonathan: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: escort
Guide Jonathan: This service is only for newcomers below level 10. I think you can manage the way on your own! If you need marks on your map, let me know.
Player: map / mark
Guide Jonathan: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Jonathan: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Jonathan: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: (anything not a keyword)
Guide Jonathan: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about this topic.
Player: post
Guide Jonathan: Crystal is in charge of our post office. You can find it east of the depot.
Player: harbour
Guide Jonathan: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: name
Guide Jonathan: I'm Jonathan. Pleased to meet you.
Player: time
Guide Jonathan: It's 7:02 pm right now. Almost time for my lunch break, so hurry up if you need some information from me!
Player: job
Guide Jonathan: I'm your guide to the beautiful town Edron. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: quest / mission / task
Guide Jonathan: Hm, if you're looking for hunting tasks, Daniel Steelsoul would be a good address. He's south in the castle.
Player: bye / farewell
Guide Jonathan: Good bye and enjoy your stay in Edron, Player.
