Player: (idle)
Jerom: My house! Uahahahaha <sniffs>.
Jerom: Oh no!! What am I supposed to do now?!?
Jerom: Dear gods! My precious house, DESTROYED!!
Player: hi / hello  
Jerom: Hello. Sorry, but I'm not in the best mood today.  
Player: ankrahmun  
Jerom: The only animal to catch there is the cobra and most people don't like to keep one as a pet.  
Player: bat / bug / lion / wolf / deer / rotworm / slime / squirrel  
Jerom: Who wants such an animal as a pet?!?!  
Player: carlin  
Jerom: Those amazons denied making business with me. You know the reason?!? I tell you, the reason was that I am MALE! Ridiculous!  
Player: cat  
Jerom: For sure, I would have offered cats!  
Player: Daniel / Steelsoul  
Jerom: He gave me the permission to open up a pet shop here. I paid him almost everything I got!  
Player: dog  
Jerom: I made contact with Svargrond! A guy named Buddel wanted to sell me a three-headed dog. I haven't seen it yet, but imagine how much money I could make by breeding such a pet!!  
Player: Edron  
Jerom: I like it here, at least the town. I was warned that there are nasty creatures outside the town walls but I didn't expect anything to happen so close to town!  
Player: farm / pet / country  
Jerom: I was always good with animals. My parents had a farm, the McRonalds farm. Maybe you know it. Anyway, I had the idea that people may like to have animals as companions and so one led to another.  
Player: frog  
Jerom: I'd go mad listening to this 'ribbit' the whole time. But each to his own!  
Player: job / mood / work  
Jerom: I'm new here in Edron. I wanted to open up a pet shop. But now I'm ruined, uahahahaha <sniffs>.  
Player: king / tibianus  
Jerom: I need to write a letter to the king. I'm not sure if those 2 million gold coins that Daniel Steelsoul demanded from me weren't too much.  
Player: liberty bay  
Jerom: I'm there from time to time, catching frogs. People like their bright colours.  
Player: mission / quest  
Jerom: Thank you sooo much <sniffs>. You'll be the first to get a pet from me. Maybe a cobra or a spider. I'll come up with something nice, I promise.  
Player: name  
Jerom: My name is Jerom but no need to remember my name. All my belongings are destroyed and stolen. I'll be gone soon!  
Player: parrot  
Jerom: Raymond Striker offered me a contract to export parrots from Meriana but I won't need them anymore now that I'm ruined.  
Player: port hope  
Jerom: Not a very good spot to catch animals. At least no animals that pass off as pets.  
Player: races  
Jerom: Yesterday I would have said that I like all creatures of Tibia but TODAY my life has changed! When I catch this stinking troll!!  
Player: rat  
Jerom: True, why not keep a rat as a pet! They can eat your trash, live inside your walls and you don't have to worry if one dies ! Could be a huge success....if I weren't ruined!!!!  
Player: revenge  
Jerom: That would be a mission for a hero.  
Player: ship  
Jerom: Well, I don't see any other way than going back to my home country now.  
Player: snake  
Jerom: Good idea! Easy to catch and once the owner has been bitten, he can't sue me anymore, hehehe!!.... but wait....I forgot....I'm ruined, uahahahaha <sniffs>.  
Player: spider  
Jerom: Good idea! Easy to catch and once the owner has been bitten, he can't sue me anymore, hehehe!!.... but wait....I forgot....I'm ruined, uahahahaha <sniffs>.  
Player: thais  
Jerom: I never make profit in Thais and most of the time I get robbed. I stopped visiting Thais for business some years ago.  
Player: trade / merchant  
Jerom: I don't have anything to earn a living with, everything is destroyed! Otherwise I could offer you pets.  
Player: troll / rock  
Jerom: I saw a troll rummaging in the remains of my house last night! I'm sure this creature is behind that! But I am too weak to take revenge.  
Player: what / happen / house / accident  
Jerom: I've been to town and on my way back I heard a deafening sound. Then I saw that the sound came from a huge rock smashing my house.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Jerom: Bye.  
