Player: hi / hello  
Shoddy Beggar: What do you want? Listen to the old madman? If you have nothing to spare, leave me alone.  
Player: army  
Shoddy Beggar: Soldiers... learning ways to fight monsters instead of fighting to learn the way to the root of all this evil.  
Player: Edron  
Shoddy Beggar: I thought this was the city of knowledge, arts and exploration. Instead I found this academy full of... *mumbles*  
Player: Excalibug  
Shoddy Beggar: I heard about the legend, but I don't know how much of it is actually true.  
Player: job  
Shoddy Beggar: Are you kidding me? Do I look like a... well, we'd better change the topic.  
Player: King / Tibianus  
Shoddy Beggar: Tibianus? What is a king measured against a scientist? What is wealth measured against wisdom?  
Player: name  
Shoddy Beggar: My name is... not of your concern.  
Player: news / rumors / rumours  
Shoddy Beggar: Every day is the same in the streets.  
Player: Sea  
Shoddy Beggar: Ah, the sea of light... we are surrounded by it. It holds the secrets of our very existence, the meaning of - ah you wouldn't even understand.  
Player: Spectulus / astronomer  
Shoddy Beggar: Pah, he thinks he knows what holds the world together - in fact he's just as clueless as the rest of the academy. *mumbles*  
Player: Tibia  
Shoddy Beggar: It is but one world in an endless sea of light.  
Player: time  
Shoddy Beggar: Must be about 12:43 am.  
Player: mission / quest / spare  
Shoddy Beggar: Hmm, if you can spare one gold... we can talk. What do you say?  
Player: yes  
Shoddy Beggar: Very kind indeed. Maybe you are not such a bad guy after all. Maybe I can even give it back to you one day... you know I was not always like that *mumbles*.  
Player: mission / quest / spare  
Shoddy Beggar: Hmm, if you can spare one gold... we can talk. What do you say?  
Player: yes  
Shoddy Beggar: Is that all you have? That would be less than I have... *mumbles*  
Player: mission / quest / spare  
Shoddy Beggar: Hmm, if you can spare one gold... we can talk. What do you say?  
Player: no  
Shoddy Beggar: Mean, heartless... go and leave me be.  
Player: bye  
Shoddy Beggar: Yes, whatever.  
