Player: hi / hello  
Telas: Hello! Sorry I'm a bit busy.  
Player: busy  
Telas: I guess, my job is my passion.  
Player: job  
Telas: As you know I'm a scientist, specialising in the field of creating golems. That is my mission so to say.  
Player: mission  
Telas: After all this effort we have made it, my friend! I can't figure out why the golem is behaving so strangely. I can only assume the experimental head was not completely indoctrinated with all the usual golem routines ...  
Telas: But that might even prove helpful. I will try to teach the golem what he needs to know, but it will take some time. Feel free to visit whenever you like if you want to hear about my progress. ...  
Telas: By the way, I could also need certain rare metals and crystals for my experiments. Just in case you have any of those I need, ask me for a trade to exchange them for good money!  
Player: trade  
Telas: Seen any of those metals, stones or crystals? I'll happily buy them! I also buy crystal pedestals.  
Player: crystal pedestals  
Telas: Well you don't have any, but in case you find some, let me know!  
Player: yalahar  
Telas: The city itself deeply affects me for many different reasons. ...  
Telas: For one, the wonders and the technology to be found in the city fill me with awe. ...  
Telas: And then I am filled with sadness for the decline of their technology and the loss of their knowledge that is palpable everywhere in the city.  
Player: yalahari  
Telas: The Yalahari are a race of contrasts. Though admittedly it's probably better to regard the Yalahari of the past and the Yalahari of today as two completely different races. ...  
Telas: In the past the Yalahari were reclusive but brilliant. You can still see all the marvels of their city and all the knowledge in different fields of science that they must have possessed. ...  
Telas: Then, at some point in their history something must have happened, causing a shift in their society. ...  
Telas: Science stopped progressing and was gradually forgotten. No new wonders were built and the old ones slowly fell into decay. ...  
Telas: It seems that over the course of generations, the Yalahari increasingly lost touch with their own inventions. ...  
Telas: We can only speculate what might have happened. ...  
Telas: I, for my part, think that scientific knowledge was probably exclusive to a small group of Yalaharian elite. ...  
Telas: I have seen with my own eyes that one quarter of their city was devastated by an explosion and another sunk into the sea because of an earthquake. ...  
Telas: My theory is that the scientific elite perished along with one of these quarters, thus leading to the downfall of the Yalaharian civilisation. ...  
Telas: The Yalahari of today are quite reclusive and don't like visitors in their inner sanctum - as I learnt the hard way. ...  
Telas: I used a lot of influence and wealth to gain admittance to their inner city. Unfortunately, they quickly cast me out because they found me too curious.  
Player: science  
Telas: Many people actually mean magic when they say 'science'. But there are so many other fields to be explored. ...  
Telas: The more mundane sciences hold many secrets of their own and can be profoundly rewarding for a researcher.  
Player: earth  
Telas: Earth is a rather basic element for golem construction. Earth golems can be created without much effort and are quite common.  
Player: name  
Telas: My name is Telas.  
Player: golem  
Telas: The term golem is a bit too broad to describe the actual diversity of these beings. ...  
Telas: Roughly speaking, most golems are based on an element which is concentrated until it gains a semblance of sentience. ...  
Telas: The element that is concentrated can be changed to get a different kind of golem. ...  
Telas: The 'element' does not necessarily have to be earth, fire, water or air but, purely theoretically, concentrations of other matter are possible. ...  
Telas: It is still under debate whether most of the other concentrations of matter could be traced back to one of the core elements. ...  
Telas: Since this science is still in its infancy there is a lot to be specified and researched.  
Player: element  
Telas: So far, science has recognized four elements: water, fire, air and earth. It is speculated that there are more elements in existence, such as lightning, magic, life and unlife.  
Player: water  
Telas: Water can sometimes be concentrated by using its ice form as a base. ...  
Telas: Although concentrating water is not as problematic as with most of the other elements, it is difficult to keep the concentrated water stable for an extended period of time.  
Player: fire  
Telas: The brute force of fire makes it dangerous to contain and difficult to concentrate without risk of an explosion.  
Player: air  
Telas: Air is elusive and the techniques to concentrate it are exceptionatly complicated.  
Player: lightning  
Telas: Lightning is still an unexplained phenomenon. Some assume it is an element in its own right, others claim it is the product of opposing elements. ...  
Telas: Others suggest it belongs to the element of magic and finally there are those who claim that lightning is a Godly element.  
Player: magic  
Telas: Magic is a fascinating field, both in terms of theory and practice. Unfortunately, with all the manpower and resources that have been put into that area, other areas have been somewhat neglected ...  
Telas: When confronted with a problem people have grown used to turning to magic for a solution. We'll never know how many inventions might have been discovered if there weren't already a spell for everything.  
Player: life  
Telas: Life, as an element, is rather speculative. ...  
Telas: Some argue that we are a form of concentrated life and therefore would qualify as life golems. ...  
Telas: This is an intriguing concept and when I am done with my current research I will probably give that a closer look.  
Player: spell  
Telas: Spells have a tendency to make things easy. Too easy for my taste. People stop thinking for themselves if they have a spell for each and every occasion at hand. ...  
Telas: All the bookish knowledge of a studied master does not make up for the practical experience of an ordinary man who has to solve his problems by original thinking.  
Player: gods  
Telas: I admit I have little use for the Gods in my own life. I like to think that I make my own decisions. ...  
Telas: I really can't understand devout believers who follow the doctrines of a God, or rather, his priests and subordinate their life to the agenda of some heavenly power. ...  
Telas: If the stories of the God Wars are true, then I am not sure I feel comfortable with the idea of being some kind of a weapon and not an individual.  
Player: gods war  
Telas: Well, we all know that the Gods fight over creation. We're supposed to help them in some way, aren't we? ...  
Telas: I have to admit, I find it impossible to regard my life merely as a means to further that war for one side or the other. ...  
Telas: On the other hand, we should probably be thankful that we are not involved in an all out war. ...  
Telas: Still, I try to avoid dwelling on this. It is disturbing to be constantly faced with the possibility of war breaking out.  
Player: research  
Telas: I have focused my research on the creation of golems. While this does involve a lot of magic, it also requires a wide range of knowledge in the other fields of science as well.  
Player: mission / golem (in the lab)  
Telas: Admittedly, I am at a bit of a loss as to specifying exactly what it is that we have created here. It is a functional golem and it is working. ...  
Telas: On the other hand, it seems odd and a bit self-preoccupied. It's almost as if it had some kind of sentience. ...  
Telas: It's even more of a marvel than I had hoped for! Absolutely fascinating! I will run a series of tests and .. and .. there is so much to be done. ...  
Telas: It seems my work has only just begun!  
Player: edron  
Telas: I came here to study at the academy for a while. ...  
Telas: I grew curious about the northern ruins and for a long time hoped that I'd be allowed to lead an expedition there. ...  
Telas: This came to a halt of course when the criminals and fallen knights took over the ruins. ...  
Telas: Since then I have shifted my focus to creating golems.  
Player: ruins  
Telas: The northern ruins are probably the remains of one of the extinct races that preceded humanity during the God Wars ...  
Telas: There are numerous ruins all over the world that tell the silent tales of the rise and the fall of their architects. ...  
Telas: For instance, adventurers discovered subterranean ruins in the Ghostlands. ...  
Telas: The remains of the bonelord civilisation are one of the most notable remnants of such ancient races. ...  
Telas: All over the world you can still see the black pyramids which were typical bonelord structures. Some are still inhabited by a small population of bonelords. ...  
Telas: We can only estimate how many races might been wiped out without a trace. ...  
Telas: However, the ruins in the north are certainly one such relic of the past and that is probably why those renegade knights went there. ...  
Telas: Whoever finds out how to unlock their secrets and make use of them stands to gain considerable wealth and power.  
Player: bonelord  
Telas: The bonelords are a race fighting extinction. ...  
Telas: Unlike other elder races they have proved themselves to be more resilient, but as far as I can tell, they are only postponing the inevitable. ...  
Telas: How ironical it is that the bonelords refuse to admit that they are on the brink of extinction. You would have thought that their skills in necromancy would have given them some insight into their situation.  
Player:: necromancy  
Telas: Necromancy is referred to as one of the dark arts. Even from a scientific point of view, I can't deny that this holds a grain of truth. ...  
Telas: Through dabbling with necromancy, one is exposed to certain unhealthy thoughts that can easily corrupt a man. ...  
Telas: So I only study the theory behind the creation of necromantic golems. ...  
Telas: It is an interesting topic but, as I said, it requires some questionable assumptions and a willingness to cross certain boundaries a human shouldn't ever cross for his own good.  
Player: thais  
Telas: In my opinion, Thais is far too political. All that kingdom and empire stuff serves to entertain the upper classes. ...  
Telas: It doesn't change anything for the common man and is all about accumulating power and wealth for the powerful and wealthy  
Player: academy  
Telas: The academy holds a wealth of knowledge in many fields. Unfortunately, magic has become far too important in my opinion. ...  
Telas: It's a pity that other fields are shunned by researchers. ...  
Telas: It makes it quite hard for anyone interested in different fields of science to find appropriate reference material. ...  
Telas: The magicians who lock themselves up in ivory towers, far removed from the ordinary people, is an apt metaphor for how distanced magic has become from everyday life. ...  
Telas: I think a breakthrough coming from the area of independent research might serve as a wake up call for the academy's board.  
Player: elf  
Telas: Because elves look similar to humans, it is easy to forget that they are completely different. ...  
Telas: They are their own race with their own morals and values. ...  
Telas: Most misunderstandings between humans and elves arise from the fact that humans just assume that elves think like themselves. ...  
Telas: However, the elves are not a scientifically inclined people, so there is little in their culture that would interest me personally. ...  
Telas: Some colleagues of mine at the academy took an interest in elven sorcery though. You might ask there for more information.  
Player: laboratory  
Telas: My main laboratory in the cellar is stuffed with sophisticated gadgets and gizmos. ...  
Telas: I don't like having visitors down there and honestly, I don't find the time to tidy it up, so it's quite a mess. ...  
Telas: When we manage to assemble a golem I will invite you downstairs for the activation. ...  
Telas: It would be a shame to let you assist me and then exclude you from the moment itself.  
Player: king / tibianus  
Telas: I think a king's job should be to keep things running and not to pursue his own ambitions.  
Player: dwarf  
Telas: I honestly admire the dwarfs for their craftsmanship. Admittedly, they are a bit tight lipped about their secrets, but who can blame them for that? ...  
Telas: Their technomancers are special though. I would love to converse with them about science and mechanics but as an outsider there is little chance for me to learn anything from them. ...  
Telas: Luckily, there are some rare exceptions to the rule. But that's a different story.  
Player: Scutty  
Telas: Humans cannot hope to fully understand the dwarven people. Technomancers are even more enigmatic. However, they are brilliant when it comes to things like physics, mechanics and alchemy. ...  
Telas: Scutty is no exception, quite the contrary. His knowledge of materials and the laws of nature is second to none. I was able to convince him to part with a little of his knowledge. Please ask him to send me everything he is willing to share. ...  
Telas: His knowledge will make the construction of a functional golem so much easier.  
Player: Milos  
Telas: He is a genius when it comes to theories. He has written some of the greatest scientific texts I have ever read. Although not all of his suppositions are based on empirical evidence, some of his theories are revolutionary. ...  
Telas: He should be more than happy to have some of his theories put into practice and I have no doubt that he will share his research with me quite willingly.  
Player: Dreadeye  
Telas: One day, an undead pigeon arrived with a message from him. It unsettled me that he knew about my research, but for whatever reason he was willing to assist me. I have no reason to distrust his sincerity. ...  
Telas: The information he has sent so far has been valid and has filled some significant gaps in my knowledge. Still, I do wonder what he is up to. Maybe one day I'll regret having accepted his help.  
Player: Boveas  
Telas: Boveas is a bit strange, even by our standards. Recently, he has been researching the minotaur civilisation. ...  
Telas: As far as I understood it, he has some information to share with me that would probably fill in a few gaps that I have. I assume he is hiding somewhere in Mintwallin to conduct his research so it might be tricky to find him.  
Player: Mintwallin  
Telas: Mintwallin is the city of the minotaurs. It is an underground city, rumoured to be located somewhere in the dungeons north of Thais. Sadly I can't help you more with finding it. Perhaps you should ask a local for more details.  
Player: Cerdras  
Telas: Cerdras is a druid who is interested in science. Usually druids tend to be more like priests or philosophers but Cerdras has invested his energies in researching life patterns and energy storage. ...  
Telas: Though his magic is different from what I am used to dealing with, I am convinced that some of his information will prove essential for my research.  
Player: Crystal Pedestal  
Telas: Well you don't have any, but in case you find some, let me know!  
Player: unlife  
Telas: Well there are necromantic golems. ...  
Telas: That alone is seen as proof by many people although it is dangerously simplified. Still, this subject bears scientific analysis.  
Player: bye  
Telas: Good bye, Player.  
