It was our honourable Grand Master Oberon who first glanced the symbol on the single, unsuspicious page he aquired from a trader. Oberon was a collector of arcane devices and magic of all sorts. Yet he wanted to study it only for the purpose of protecting himself from the magic arts. He knew much about magic and always showed great restrain against the seductive aura of power even the most ancient spells emit. He studied the single page for months and deemed the ritual on its pages as the simple teleportation magic we were already used to. A select council consisting of the Grand Master, the Grand Chaplain and the Preceptor were the first to say the incantations and conduct the ritual. We were assured that the ritual was safe and could serve our purpose most definitely. And indeed we found a portal, an opening to a new continent and a clear sign of the path our honourable order should walk.
Since we first set foot on these new lands, we felt a sensation of dread. Something out of the order, a tingling on the skin. Like a wind that blows right through you and chills your bones. We explored this island thoroughly to build our fortress on stable ground and in good faith. As our fortifications grew, so did our urge to explore the new continent. Several expeditions were made, one edeavour led to the death of two brothers who died after the bite of strange beasts that roam the barren steppes. When we managed to venture further into the north, we encountered a strange plague, befalling these lands: Ravus, the Grey Plague, as our druid calls it. It affects not only beasts but plants and the very soil.

Soon rumors arose that using the spell to get here was an ill procedure and that we should have omitted the ritual altogether. Some did not see how the page or the book we seek help our cause and that we betrayed chivalric code by conducting a dark rite. This left the Grand Master very furious. There was no further debate ever since. The Grand Chaplain banned any talk about what led us here and Preceptor Lazare stated that he would not have any such nonsense anymore or he calls latrine duty for at least a month.
The great quest was proclaimed by Grand Chaplain Gaunder under edict of the Grand Master. We were to find and retrieve the Grimoire Impluviatus, the origin of the single page in our possession. The proclamation included an oath to keep the book safe for no man should use its magic to do evil. As only the Grand Master was deemed able to withstand the power of the book, he was chosen as the Keeper of Grimoire Impluviatus.
The plague obviously spread but at an unknown rate. We could immediately sense danger from the plants and animals affected by this disease and stayed away from it as best we could. Eventually our expedition led us to a small temple to the north-east of the continent. The room was decorated with two lizard-like statues in the middle, gazing at each other. Next to a small artificial pond we found the grimoire, Impluviatus. When we returned home, celebrations were in order. The task of the Keeper was assigned to Grand Master Oberon with Grand Canon Dominus as his second.
Yet the feeling of dread that loomed so heavily over the island and the continent did not leave us. What we brought with us was a beacon of evil which we would soon find out. Ravus, the Grey Plague, spread among us. It was first discovered on the graves of the brothers we lost in the steppes. Their resting places were desecrated by a vile dark substance, the stench was almost unbearable. The Grand Canon kept most of us away from the unsightly scene and tried to contain it. None of us knows how many times he shoveled up the graves but it could not be stopped.
Our druid and the Preceptor are working on a solution to the plague. Our quest is far from over, we pray that there is still hope.