The dwarfs, who are well versed in the depths of the earth, know strange tales of weird places and creatures they encountered in the bowels of Tibia. Some of them might be discarded as fairy tales (of course not in the opinions of the dwarfs), but I dare to say that most of them are true. There is one kind of story which you can hear by all kind of dwarven tribes, all describing the same things. These stories tell about some vast structures underground that seem to be the remains of an ancient civilisation. The long-abandoned structures in these stories share striking similarities. Oddly, these structures are found at places in totally different environments and often also far away from each other. Some widely travelled dwarfs claim to have seen similar things in remote continents and isles. Sometimes only a few bricks at some odd place hint at one of these ancient structures. Others, however, are well preserved ruins in which even some rooms are still recognisable. Obviously, the ancient race that once lived in these structures had colonies all over the known world. Some theories try to link these structures to the extinct Morad race - a race of nomadic builders that supposedly left their traces all over the world. The recent researches of Fordworth, though, seem to prove that the Morad used a fast growing crystal substance for their buildings. These crystals, however, only lasted for a dozen years. So nothing the Morad had built would have endured until today. If we compare the aforementioned dwarven records with those of several dungeon crawling adventurers, however, we learn that some of these ruins, sometimes separated by continents, were inhabited by a brutish race of savages. It seems likely that whoever built those structures brought these creatures with them to serve as guardians and workers. When the creators abandoned their structures, they left their servants behind. They, however, were unable to maintain them properly. But who are the ones that built these structures? It seems unlikely that there was another nomad race. Why would they leave their servants behind when moving to another location? My theory is that the structures were used to gather resources. Just like the dwarfs, this race sent out many prospectors to look for a specific resource. Whenever they encountered a vein, they stationed some constructors and their workers. Since there are still workers left at some of these places, the race must have abandoned them in a haste. This of course suggests that valuable information and artefacts might have been left, too, some of them probably in the hands of these brutish workers. This is certainly worth an expedition. If I were to find a sponsor, I would helm an expedition of my own into the depths of Tibia.