Player: hi / ashari
Dario: Ashari Simula. If you're a distance fighter, you might want to have a look at my wares and spells.
Player: name
Dario: I am Dario of Ab'Dendriel.
Player: job
Dario: I am the master archer of the arena. I train distance fighters and sell them equipment.
Player: time
Dario: Time is unimportant to me.
Player: equipment / offer
Dario: My offers are bows, crossbows and ammunition. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade. I also teach paladin spells.
Player: trade
Dario: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: spells
Dario: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.
Player: temple
Dario: The temple is somewhere south at the coast.
Player: arena
Dario: People who fight here do it on their own choice. So I don't care.
Player: palace
Dario: Under the palace are crypts, full of minor undead and creatures that have failed the pharaoh. He allows everyone to slay them as they see fit.
Player: tibia
Dario: I travel a lot to see everything. For now I settle here for some time.
Player: carlin
Dario: I was there some time ago. It was lovely and reminded me of my home Ab'Dendriel.
Player: thais
Dario: Thais is too crowded for my taste.
Player: edron
Dario: I think Edron is quite typical for a human settlement.
Player: venore
Dario: I did not like the greedy attitude of the people there.
Player: kazordoon / dwarves / dwarfes
Dario: The small people are too hectic and greedy. They don't understand the harmony of nature.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfes
Dario: Sometimes I miss my brethren and sisters. But for now I want to see the world and travel around.
Player: darama
Dario: This continent is hard and challenging. I like challenges.
Player: daraman
Dario: You should ask about him in Darashia. People there talked a lot about him.
Player: darashia
Dario: The city seemed a bit dull and peaceful to me, so I left for Ankrahmun.
Player: ankrahmun
Dario: Ankrahmun is unlike any other city I've seen. Sometimes it gives me shivers ... on the other hand, it makes me stay on guard and feel alive, despite the undeath cult.
Player: ascension / akh / rah / uthun / akh'rah uthun
Dario: I don't care for this human concept.
Player: bye
Dario: Asha Thrazi, Simula.