Player: hi
Jakahr: Hello, mourned pilgrim. How may I help you player?
Player: name
Jakahr: My name is Jakahr.
Player: job
Jakahr: I am a member of the Postmasters Guild. If you have questions about the Royal Tibia Mail System or the depots, ask me.
Player: time
Jakahr: The time is 7:48 am, pilgrim.
Player: news
Jakahr: It does not befit a member of my position to spread rumours and stories, pilgrim.
Player: offer or buy
Jakahr: I sell parcels and letters. Ask me for a trade if you're interested. I can also explain how the mail system works.
Player: trade
Jakahr: Here. Don't forget that you need to buy a label too if you want to send a parcel. Always write the name of the receiver in the first line and the name of the city in the second line.
Player: kevin
Jakahr: Even in our lands, the name of the guildmaster is held in great respect.
Player: postmasters guild
Jakahr: The guild plays a vital role in the economy of the known world.
Player: join
Jakahr: Please travel to our headquarters if you wish to join our guild.
Player: headquarters
Jakahr: You can find them to the south of the dwarven city of Kazordoon.
Player: office
Jakahr: I am always here in my office. You are welcome to visit me anytime.
Player: ankrahmun
Jakahr: This city is a safe haven that protects its citizens from the dangers of the desert.
Player: carlin
Jakahr: Carlin is a city far, far away from here. They say it is run by women and druids.
Player: thais
Jakahr: Thais is the capital of a kingdom on a far-off continent.
Player: darashia
Jakahr: A minor settlement to the north.
Player: darama
Jakahr: On this continent, the only place of real importance is our city.
Player: daraman
Jakahr: As far as I can tell he was some philosopher.
Player: pharaoh / arkhothep
Jakahr: The pharaoh keeps this city safe. He is both our political and our spiritual leader.
Player: akh / rah / uthun / akh'rah uthun
Jakahr: Sorry, but you should discuss religous issues like these in the temple. I am not a priest, and there is little I can tell you about it.
Player: ascension
Jakahr: Sorry, but you should discuss religious issues like these in the temple. I am not a priest, and there is little I can tell you about it.
Player: arena
Jakahr: Fights are frequently staged in the arena to entertain the people.
Player: temple
Jakahr: The temple is to the east of the city.
Player: palace
Jakahr: You can't miss the palace. It is probably the biggest pyramid in the whole world.
Player: excalibug
Jakahr: A weapon of legend. We rarely hear stories about it around here, however.
Player: bye
Jakahr: It was an honour to serve you, player.