Player: hi
Memech: Be mourned, Simula, pilgrim in flesh. Have a look at my fine weapons and armors.
Player: name
Memech: I am the mourned Memech.
Player: job
Memech: I sell weapons and armor to protect your mortal shell.
Player: time
Memech: Time is only a burden to the flesh.
Player: offer
Memech: My offers are weapons, armors, helmets, legs, and shields.
Player: temple
Memech: You will find the temple in the northeastern part of the town.
Player: arena
Memech: The arena is a fun place to visit. You should go there to try out our quality equipment.
Player: palace
Memech: That's where our pharaohs resides. The palace is to the east.
Player: pharaoh
Memech: Praise to the pharaoh. Blessed be our saviour.
Memech: The pharaoh is a living god and his power is rising with every day.
Player: oldpharaoh
Memech: Praised be our pharaoh who gave his father all the time in the world for contemplation and ascension.
Player: ascension
Memech: This is nothing I understand. I am but a simple man.
Player: scarab
Memech: The scarabs are wise as far as I know. They test each warrior's strength.
Player: tibia
Memech: This world is but a dying spark of a once great fire.
Player: carlin / venore / thais / edron
Memech: The lost cities of the Tibian continent are caught in their false gods' jaws.
Player: false gods
Memech: Well, the temple teaches us that the false gods want to steal our Rah.
Player: kazordoon / dwarves / dwarfes
Memech: I have been told the dwarves are worthy fighters. It is a shame their Rah will perish upon death.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfes
Memech: Elves are a rare sight on this continent. I know little about this race and their ways.
Player: ankrahmun
Memech: Our home is blessed and protected by the power of our pharaoh.
Player: darama
Memech: The continent's name was changed to Darama after Daraman spread his teachings here. I don't know its old name, I'm afraid.
Player: daraman
Memech: Daraman is acknowledged as a prophet, though it is said he was misguided. I think you should better ask somebody in the temple about such issues.
Player: akh
Memech: Well, that is the mortal body. It is full of needs and thus sinful.
Player: rah
Memech: The Rah is what people from other religions call the soul.
Player: uthun
Memech: That's what we learn and remember. It is who we are because of our memories. At least that's what I understand.
Player: akh'rah uthun
Memech: Thats religious stuff, and I don't know much about it. It's about the union and the separation of Akh, Rah and Uthun.
Player: undead
Memech: Undeath must be great. No need to eat, to sleep or to do other things like that, you know.
Player: mourn
Memech: Mortality is a bad thing. The dead mourn us for that. Quite nice of them. We should mourn ourselves as well, if I understand the priests correctly.
Player: false gods
Memech: Well, the temple teaches us that the false gods want to steal our Rah.
Player: bye
Memech: May enlightenment be your path, Simula.