NPC: Chantalle  
Player: hi  
Chantalle: Hello. What brings you here?  
Player: key / fish  
Chantalle: What? You lost the key? Well... Lucky for you I made a copy. Do not lose it again!  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Chantalle: He's handsome, yet a bit old. And sadly you'll never get rich being in the army. It's a shame but for these reasons he probably will never be able to find an accomplished woman.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Chantalle: He's some evil sorcerer. Sorcerers are horrible people anyway.  
Player: kiss  
Chantalle: I'd rather kiss a pig.  
Player: buy / offer / equipment / goods / sell / stuff / ware  
Chantalle: I sell gems and goblets. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Thais  
Chantalle: Thais must be a wonderful place. Almost comparable to Venore as far as I can tell.  
Player: Liberty Bay  
Chantalle: What a horrible, horrible little town. Have you seen those huts some people live in? How can they stand this? Silly people. And that stench! Everything and everyone that is native smells like fish! Horrible, I say it's just horrible!  
Player: Charlotta  
Chantalle: It's the name of a scary old hag that the natives sometimes call if they are sick. Why don't they just buy some medicine or call for a healer? Silly people.  
Player: Chondur  
Chantalle: Who might that be? Probably one of these horrible natives.  
Player: cult  
Chantalle: I don't know anything about a cult. On the other hand, I wouldn't be too surprised if this fish smelling natives, that are up to no good anyway, would have some horrible cult.  
Player: Voodoo  
Chantalle: Isn't that the name of the governor's daughter's dog?  
Player: job / here  
Chantalle: I'm a trader and I sell gems, jewellery and goblets. Just ask me for my offers.  
Player: Eleonore  
Chantalle: She's a bit younger than me and a bit jealous that I and her father get along with each other so well.  
Player: Explorer Society  
Chantalle: I don't understand why someone would want to go to some dirty corners of the world or crawl through dusty dungeons. Phew.  
Player: gem  
Chantalle: You can buy and sell small diamonds, sapphires, rubies, emeralds and amethysts or sell topazes.  
Player: goblet  
Chantalle: Ah, our newest import! We have golden goblets, silver goblets and bronze goblets. All of them have space for a hand-written dedication.  
Player: Governor  
Chantalle: The governor is a fine and polite man. I think he even likes me a bit. <giggles> Sad enough that people who like him or Mr. Loveless are rare here.  
Player: king  
Chantalle: The king must be a very special man. I think he's handsome and tall.  
Player: horrible  
Chantalle: Yes, horrible. Isn't it?  
Player: jewel  
Chantalle: Currently you can purchase wedding rings, golden amulets, and ruby necklaces. We also buy gold ingots.  
Player: Isolde  
Chantalle: She thinks she is better than everyone else. But I know that a good part of her so-called noble family lives in Carlin, imagine!  
Player: Loveless / Theodore  
Chantalle: You can say that Mr. Loveless is kind of an ambassador of Venore. He is very important and I run his business here. He's a good friend of the local governor and back in Venore he's an important figure of the trade association.  
Player: name  
Chantalle: My name is Chantalle.  
Player: native  
Chantalle: The natives had almost massacred themselves before we arrived to rescue them. And what to we get in return? Now they want to massacre us instead! These horrible people.  
Player: pearl  
Chantalle: There are white and black pearls you can buy or sell, as well as giant green and brown pearls which you can sell.  
Player: pirate  
Chantalle: Pirates are scary. Mr. Loveless tries hard to get the army to do more against these horrible pirates. Unfortunately the army people are rather reluctant and always find some excuse for their inactivity.  
Player: plantation  
Chantalle: I better don't think about all those dirty people that work on the plantations, else I could no longer enjoy my sugared tea. Imagine that their ugly dirty hands have touched this sugar.  
Player: quara  
Chantalle: These horrible fishmen even haunt me in my dreams! I'm sure the natives are in league with them. It's no coincidence that they both smell alike.  
Player: Raymond Striker  
Chantalle: That is one of those horrible cutthroats that lead the pirates.  
Player: rum  
Chantalle: It tastes horrible. I can't understand what people like about it.  
Player: time  
Chantalle: Currently it is 9:08 pm.  
Player: sugar  
Chantalle: Sugar is quite important as far as I understand it.  
Player: talon  
Chantalle: We don't trade with them.  
Player: trade  
Chantalle: Here, take a look.  
Player: Tristan  
Chantalle: Quite handsome and what a well-trained body he has. I can't imagine what he sees in this colourless and pale Isolde.  
Player: bye  
Chantalle: Farewell.  
