Player: hi / hello  
Frederik: Hi there and welcome to my little magic shop.  
Player: Carlin  
Frederik: Carlin is a druid town. I think I would not like it either. Not that I am not accustomed to be ordered about by women.  
Player: Charlotta  
Frederik: Another of the locals favourites. Of course she can cure them, she's a druid and herbalist after all. It takes a really ignorant and superstitious bunch of people to make her something more than a woman who is well versed in herbal lore.  
Player: Chondur  
Frederik: Some silly tricks and superstition don't make him a sorcerer, you know? But for the so-called natives here it seems sufficient. Those fools actually believe that he has some power.  
Player: cult  
Frederik: I have no doubts at all that this superstitious bunch of foolish natives has several cults.  
Player: eleonore  
Frederik: The governor's daughter <whistles> quite a babe, I tell you, but of the arrogant type. Perhaps she would notice me if I had more money and were a master sorcerer.  
Player: excalibug  
Frederik: Yeah, if I should ever find it, I'll keep it for you.  
Player: Explorer Society  
Frederik: Quite an ambitious bunch. I don't understand what they are up to since their researches rarely produce something usable. But who cares anyway.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Frederik: I will not pass any information about that subject.  
Player: governor  
Frederik: Bad luck if you're a nobleman, get a flashy title and, woosh, end up here in boring Liberty Bay.  
Player: Isolde  
Frederik: Quite nice if you like the silent and thoughtful type.  
Player: job  
Frederik: I am the assistant of the great mage Malunga. I handle all the things she can't be bothered with. Among other things, I sell magic equipment like blank runes, potions and suchlike.  
Player: king  
Frederik: It's the king's land. <shrugs> He will know what's best for it.  
Player: liberty bay  
Frederik: It is not quite the backwater town I had expected when I had to follow my mistress here, but it's worse enough with all those ignorant natives and quara and pirates and god knows what else.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Frederik: He is the great puppet master here. I have no idea who hangs on his strings but I am sure that many do.  
Player: natives  
Frederik: Those fools think they could have done better without us. Oh yeah, of course. First they would have settled their quarrels and then driven away the quara from the seas. Hehe.  
Player: pirate  
Frederik: They are just bandits with ships. Nothing special at all.  
Player: quara  
Frederik: Liberty Bay is a horrible place, but the quara alone would be reason enough just to kiss this godforsaken place good bye.  
Player: raymond striker  
Frederik: Another nuisance the army could not handle yet.  
Player: thais  
Frederik: Even dirty, old Thais would be better than this place. But who asks an assistant after all? Yeah, right, no one does. And so I am here  
Player: trade  
Frederik: Of course, just browse through my wares. Or do you want to look only at potions, wands or runes?  
Player: Tristan  
Frederik: A shiny knight in a shiny armour. I don't get it. Why do women always fall for men like him?  
Player: venore  
Frederik: If you'd ask me, those Venoreans have their fingers quite deep in the honey pot, if you know what I mean. Our whole presence here serves Venore and our profits more than anything else.  
Player: voodoo  
Frederik: Hey, I am studying that stuff and I can tell you: there is no such thing as voodoo. We sorcerers must know that. And we'd be damned better in it than those witch doctors.  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Frederik: Fighters are a necessary evil. I just wish they would do a better job in keeping all trouble away from us.  
Player: sugar  
Frederik: Sugar is important for the isle's economy.  
Player: rum  
Frederik: A mug of rum now and then certainly doesn't hurt.  
Player: plantation  
Frederik: The plantations keep things going here.  
Player: offer / buy / goods / sell / equipment / stuff / ware / magic / runes / spellbook  
Frederik: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: spell rune  
Frederik: I sell missile runes, area runes, field runes, wall runes, bomb runes, healing runes, convince creature runes and chameleon runes.  
Player: area rune  
Frederik: I can offer you avalanche runes, great fireball runes and explosion runes.  
Player: bomb rune  
Frederik: I can offer you fire bomb runes.  
Player: wall rune  
Frederik: I can offer you fire wall runes, energy wall runes and poison wall runes.  
Player: healing rune  
Frederik: I can offer you antidote runes, intense healing runes and ultimate healing runes.  
Player: field rune  
Frederik: I can offer you fire field runes, energy field runes, poison field runes and destroy field runes.  
Player: missile rune  
Frederik: I can offer you light magic missile runes, heavy magic missile runes, stalagmite runes and sudden death runes.  
Player: (name of the rune that the seller has in the assortment)  
Frederik: Yes, those runes are in my assortment. Ask me for a trade to have a look.  
Player: (the name of a rune which the seller does not have in his assortment)  
Frederik: Sorry, but runes of this type can't be purchased here.  
Player: potion  
Frederik: We offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes: normal, strong, great and ultimate. Ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: wands  
Frederik: Wands can be wielded by sorcerers only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different wands, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: yes  
Frederik: The names of the wands are 'Wand of Vortex', 'Wand of Dragonbreath', 'Wand of Decay', 'Wand of Draconia', 'Wand of Cosmic Energy', 'Wand of Inferno', 'Wand of Starstorm' and 'Wand of Voodoo'.  
Player: Wand of Vortex  
Frederik: This energy wand is only for sorcerers of level 7 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Dragonbreath  
Frederik: This fire wand is only for sorcerers of level 13 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Decay  
Frederik: This death wand is only for sorcerers of level 19 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Draconia  
Frederik: This fire wand is only for sorcerers of level 22 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Cosmic Energy  
Frederik: This energy wand is only for sorcerers of level 26 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Inferno  
Frederik: This fire wand is only for sorcerers of level 33 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Starstorm  
Frederik: This energy wand is only for sorcerers of level 37 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Wand of Voodoo  
Frederik: This death wand is only for sorcerers of level 42 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: rods  
Frederik: Rods can be wielded by druids only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different rods, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: yes  
Frederik: The names of the rods are 'Snakebite Rod', 'Moonlight Rod', 'Necrotic Rod', 'Northwind Rod', 'Terra Rod', 'Hailstorm Rod', 'Springsprout Rod' and 'Underworld Rod'.  
Player: Snakebite Rod  
Frederik: This earth rod is only for druids of level 7 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Moonlight Rod  
Frederik: This ice rod is only for druids of level 13 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Necrotic Rod  
Frederik: This death rod is only for druids of level 19 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Northwind Rod  
Frederik: This ice rod is only for druids of level 22 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Terra Rod  
Frederik: This earth rod is only for druids of level 26 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Hailstorm Rod  
Frederik: This ice rod is only for druids of level 33 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Springsprout Rod  
Frederik: This earth rod is only for druids of level 37 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: Underworld Rod  
Frederik: This death rod is only for druids of level 42 and above. If you'd like to buy one, ask me for a trade.  
Player: flask / vial / deposit  
Frederik: Well, you could ask me for a trade to deposit your flasks, but you can also do it old style. I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Ok?  
Player: yes  
Frederik: Here you are ... 10 gold.  
Player: fluid  
Frederik: Sorry, we removed the old life and mana fluids from our assortment. However, we offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Frederik: Yeah, bye.  
