NPC: Peggy  
Player: hi / hello  
Peggy: Hi there, Player. Furniture on sale!  
Player: Charlotta  
Peggy: Charlotta does a little more than just talk. People look up to her, people are listening to her. But there is really nothing that she is doing against these Venoreans.  
Player: Chondur  
Peggy: What are all of his rumoured powers good for when he is not using them to help us?  
Player: cult  
Peggy: If there are people that do something against the trade barons, they can't be that bad. By all accounts this cult is doing something, so it can't be that bad either.  
Player: Eleonore  
Peggy: Ms. Rich in her ivory tower does not even know that us ordinary people exist.  
Player: Explorer Society  
Peggy: Some sort of exclusive club for rich and bored people.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Peggy: His arrival would surely be bad enough for business to make the Venoreans leave. But in my opinion the cure would be worse than the plague.  
Player: furniture  
Peggy: Well, as you can see, I sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: governor  
Peggy: He's only a puppet of the trade barons. He does their bidding. I wonder if he is aware of that.  
Player: Isolde  
Peggy: She can spare me with her friendliness. It won't make me forget that Thaians are an occupational force.  
Player: job  
Peggy: I am the local carpenter. I sell furniture, just ask me for a trade. Sometimes I accept special assignments.  
Player: king  
Peggy: The king's iron grip can be felt everywhere here. And the Venoreans are his right hand.  
Player: liberty bay  
Peggy: The name of the town has become a joke. I do not even have the liberty to buy and use the wood I want.  
Player: wood  
Peggy: All wood we are allowed to use has to be bought from the Venorean companies. To ensure quality, they say.  
Player: loveless / theodore  
Peggy: This man is like a disease that has afflicted our town. The symptoms of this disease can be seen and felt everywhere.  
Player: offer / buy / goods / sell / equipment / stuff / ware  
Peggy: Well, as you can see, I sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: Assignments  
Peggy: Usually nothing exciting. Some special furniture or a peg leg now and then.  
Player: peg leg  
Peggy: Yeah, from time to time one of the old sea dogs needs a peg leg and mine are the best.  
Player: pirate  
Peggy: Is the enemy of your enemy your friend? Maybe.  
Player: plantations  
Peggy: I don't envy those poor souls that have to earn a living on the plantations.  
Player: quara  
Peggy: Quara were always a threat, but after the Venoreans arrived here the attacks became more frequent. A coincidence? I doubt it. Still it would be fun if one night the quara would get that Loveless guy and take him along.  
Player: rum  
Peggy: There is nothing like rum to bring fun and joy to a celebration.  
Player: Raymond Striker  
Peggy: I hope he will kick the butts of more trade barons.  
Player: sugar  
Peggy: Can you imagine how expensive sugar is in other places? Here it is worth almost nothing. What a mad world!  
Player: thais  
Peggy: Thais is a sleeping lion. But nowadays, the snakes already rule the kingdom.  
Player: trade  
Peggy: Have a look. Most furniture comes in handy kits. Just use them in your house to assemble the furniture. Do you want to see only a certain type of furniture?  
Player: Tristan  
Peggy: Another arrogant Thaian.  
Player: venore  
Peggy: Venore is the best example to demonstrate what can go wrong with human society. Greed and jealousy reign over that town and only wealth and influence are of importance.  
Player: voodoo  
Peggy: At least it is something that even the Venoreans are fearing. Funny to imagine how they would try to use their money against curses or vainly bribe a ghost.  
Player: Wyrmslicer  
Peggy: The lap dog of the governor...  
Player: bye / farewell  
Peggy: Good bye, Player.  
Player: trade  
Peggy: Have a look. Most furniture comes in handy kits. Just use them in your house to assemble the furniture. Do you want to see only a certain type of furniture?  
Player: type  
Peggy: I have beds, chairs, containers, decoration, flowers, instruments, pillows, pottery, statues, tapestries and tables. Which of those would you like to see?  
