Cannos, Planegazer and Coadjutor of the Scriptorum
The Scriptorum has put much effort in the stones at Site XIV, however, even they could not completely lift their secrets - they needed us! Our valued assistant Tassondis, whom I always held in the highest regard, had a remarkable idea - replicas! We established Site XVII and rebuilt the two exhibits the other researchers found - near perfect copies - so both our teams could study them separately! Of course we had the advantage of being able to work in a practically ideal environment as well as in secret. We used this to our advantage and, due to the help of Tassondis, managed to decipher the second relic in no time! The results have been added both to the current research documents, as well as our own records (note: Compendium Site XIV and XVII, edited) and will be removed from this document for obvious reasons.
<the next pages of this document have been removed, the last page has some notes scribbled on the back>
Getting to the bottom of walls VB and VC was pretty obvious, Tassondis wasn't even the first one to understand them. Both engraved walls are part of the larger Ab'Dendriel exhibit, very similar to the smaller one, which is located on the surface. The other two sides on the back of the exhibit, VA and VD, are not even part of the solution. And when I told him that both walls are probably interconnected with a single unique meaning, he reacted quite surprised and immediately got to work. He made quick progress and suddenly HE was the one who saved the day. He didn't even mention me! And I doubt he would have even perceived the engravings on the stones at all! He called all exhibits they found "magic stones"! Magic stones? What is this! He clearly has no idea what he is talking about, nor how significant our work here actually is. Careful observation of the Ab'Dendriel exhibits would have shown him that there is more to the surface of these strange menhirs than meets the eye. Who could have known that a considered researcher like him would literally only get a hint if it jumped right at him?
If you ever take the time to read this, Cannos, don't just let Tassondis get away with this. This discovery was a team effort, you of all people should know this.
Khuun