Player: hi / hello  
Bruce: Good day, sir. If you have no official business or want to pass the gate, please move on.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Bruce: There has been a huge explosion due to some unknown experiments. Ever since then, the quarter is contaminated.  
Player: arena quarter  
Bruce: This used to be a great recreation area with a zoo and a lively arena.  
Player: augur  
Bruce: They are our supervisors.  
Player: cemetery quarter  
Bruce: This is the quarter to the east. Don't expect any worshippers of our Tibian gods though.  
Player: factory quarter  
Bruce: Those old and malfunctioning machines could pose a threat to civilians.  
Player: fenrock  
Bruce: It's a snowy island to the west.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Bruce: New inhabitants are arriving daily, and most will be stuck in the foreigners' quarter forever.  
Player: island  
Bruce: Which island are you talking about? Mistrock, Fenrock or Vengoth?  
Player: job / business  
Bruce: Master Sergeant of the Yalaharian Guard Force, sir.  
Player: magician quarter  
Bruce: I have huge respect for those highly educated magicians living there and dealing with the other magical creatures each day.  
Player: mission  
Bruce: What is that mission you are talking about?  
Player: mistrock  
Bruce: No one knows what this island is really called, but the people stick with 'mistrock' due to it being covered in mist.  
Player: name  
Bruce: My name is Bruce.  
Player: pass / gate  
Bruce: Should I let you pass the gate? Are you headed for the alchemist or the cemetery quarter?  
Player: quarter  
Bruce: Our guards protect the gates between all eight quarters.  
Player: random word  
Bruce: I have nothing to say about that topic.  
Player: sunken quarter  
Bruce: The quarter collapsed into the ocean.  
Player: trade quarter  
Bruce: I think it's an outrage that this quarter is controlled by criminals.  
Player: vengoth  
Bruce: One day the vampires on Vengoth will become a big threat. We should expect the worst from that place.  
Player: Yalahar  
Bruce: I will protect this city with my life.  
Player: bye  
Bruce: Goodbye citizen!  
