In the year 21 of the reign of Tzuzak VII, a great plague spread over the land. While the children of the serpent perished by the vile orcs, minotaurs and humans flourished. It did not take long until most of the southern lands was lost to the barbarians. The army was dwindling and civil unrest growing. Even when finally the cure for the plague had been found, the barbarians advanced. Too much territory had already been lost, too many soldiers had fallen victim to the plague and the initial attacks. It seemed as if the plague had clouded the minds of our people. Instead of fighting the common enemy, certain elements conspired against the king and each other. Without unified resistance of our weakened forces, the end of civilisation seemed inevitable. But some lizardmen who no longer listened to the lies of the prophets who believed in false gods started to pray for salvation. And even though they were only a few, they were heard. Our saviours came from the north. They abandoned the paradise that they had ruled to save our kin. On mighty wings they came with the north wind. Their wrath was like fire, they crushed our opponents and sowed fear into their vile hearts. They gathered our troops and led them from victory to victory. They blessed the lizards of true heart and led those lost in the darkness of lies to the light of truth. Those who refused to see the truth were eradicated by cleansing fire. They healed the wounds of the land and the wounds in the heart of our people. They burned the curtain of lies that had prevented our people from seeing the truth for so long. When they saw that the realm was safe once again, they got ready to return to their godly realm of perfect harmony. But the lizard people desperately begged them to stay. They offered them the leadership over the whole nation as they knew they would be unable to rule and secure the realm without the help of the divine dragons. Reluctantly the mighty dragons accepted. They gave up their paradise to save our people and adopted us as their children. The mightiest of them all became the dragon emperor of our realm.