Player: hi / hello  
The Gate Keeper: Are you the Key Master?  
Player: yes  
The Gate Keeper: Enter the Spirit Grounds, Key Master.  
Player: spirit ground  
The Gate Keeper: The realm between realms, where all doors open on themselves only. The place where the spirits dwell that have unfinished business or were... called.  
Player: called  
The Gate Keeper: The call of the Ancients was sounded. The Key Master knows it. We too have been summoned to prepare for their arrival.  
Player: Ancients  
The Gate Keeper: Enough! Don't waste your breath, mortal. Go now onto the grounds to do what you came here to do.  
Player: gods  
The Gate Keeper: We are in their atrium. Some doors lead to them. Soon...  
Player: soon  
The Gate Keeper: Yes, soon. Or maybe it has happened already, long ago. ...  
The Gate Keeper: Time has no meaning to them.  
Player: shadow  
The Gate Keeper: The breath of darkness, the eye of the night, the body of the other.  
Player: blood priest  
The Gate Keeper: Insolent beggars, prying into dark windows.  
Player: key  
The Gate Keeper: The balance has been broken, the doors pried open, the keys scattered and lost. ...  
The Gate Keeper: The Key Master will find them and close the doors that were not meant to be open. ...  
The Gate Keeper: And then he will unlock the Other Door.  
Player: other door  
The Gate Keeper: The Key Master will know.  
Player: death  
The Gate Keeper: A broken seal on a letter long read.  
Player: here  
The Gate Keeper: This is a... pause between two breaths. All times, held and spent at once in a place that is not a place.  
Player: zg  
The Gate Keeper: Really! No need to be rude.  
Player: path / what  
The Gate Keeper: Use a sharp blade, a powerful staff or spell to send them on their way.  
Player: job  
The Gate Keeper: I am the Gate Keeper. I guard the doors and await the Key Master.  
Player: name  
The Gate Keeper: My name is unpronouncable in your language.  
Player: unpronouncable  
The Gate Keeper: The nearest you may come to is Zg'!kch of Cthle-ZüuKh'lkrlxchwr.  
Player: tibianus  
The Gate Keeper: As a child would sit on a castle made of sand.  
Player: tibia  
The Gate Keeper: Too many doors open. Too tempting for some. The shadows run and hide.  
Player: undead  
The Gate Keeper: Travellers between the doors.  
Player: necrom / necromancer  
The Gate Keeper: Serving the dark ones. Some do not know what they are meddling with, rattling at the doors like children.  
Player: pupil  
The Gate Keeper: Ah. Some were keys, some were leaves. All scattered, all blown away in the icy draft between the doors.  
Player: priestess  
The Gate Keeper: Soothing the pains of the festering sores.  
Player: why  
The Gate Keeper: Too many doors were opened that lead astray. The spirits gather in anger, here. Show them the path.  
Player: no  
The Gate Keeper: <loses interest immediately>  
Player: bye / farewell  
The Gate Keeper: Yes. For a while.  
