Player: hi (after Wrath of the Emperor)
Awareness Of The Emperor: Ah, mortal. You better leave now. You are trying my patience. You wouldn't like to see me mad, believe me. (idle)
Player: hi (only talks during Wrath of the Emperor - Mission 11: Payback Time)
Awareness Of The Emperor: I am not here to fight you, fool. Like it or not, we will have to work together to stop the catastrophe you and that priest have initiated.
Player: hi (after accepting mission)
Awareness Of The Emperor: Hurry, there is no time for idle chat.
Player: job / emperor
Awareness Of The Emperor: I am the emperor of Zao. Power and destiny made me the ruler over dragons and lizards.
Player: catastrophe
Awareness Of The Emperor: I have to admit I figured out quite late what is happening. It seems we are both involved in a scheme of it who is known as the snake god rising to power. A process that could mean the end of the world as you know it.
Player: snake god
Awareness Of The Emperor: I don't know what it is or was. But I heard that this thing tried to become a god in the past and was trapped in a state 'in between'. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Its current plan seems to be to use my crystal matrix which I use to amplify my control over the dragon kings in a reverse way to steal the vital force of the dragons, those bound to them, and even from the land itself.
Player: steal
Awareness Of The Emperor: With this stolen power it hopes to become a true god. This would destroy the continent. Not only the continent's life would be drained, it would also damage its integrity and stability. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: The whole land would crumble and vanish in the sea. Such a destruction would probably lead to earthquakes and floods everywhere in the world, causing death and destruction beyond compare. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: And all this only because you fools let yourselves use by that priest just like he is used by his so-called god.
Player: priest
Awareness Of The Emperor: He is just a willing vessel. He seems to serve as some sort of anchor or even avatar for the snake's power. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Fortunately, his body is too weak to channel much of the snake's power. He might become a formidable opponent but he will still be mortal. With a sizeable force of capable opponents he can be brought down.
Player: sizeable force
Awareness Of The Emperor: Indeed, this will be your task though. Since you cut off the way to control the dragon kings easily, I'll have to put some effort into holding them at bay. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Another part of me tries to repair the damage you have caused, and yet another will try to interrupt the flow of power which this snake thing sends to its priest.
Player: dragons
Awareness Of The Emperor: We came here from a distant land that is no longer. We took it upon us to become the rulers of this land. We brought order to the struggles and saved a dying empire. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: We deserve no less than to be accepted as leaders by the lesser beings. We allowed the lizards to exist and to serve us.
Player: lizards
Awareness Of The Emperor: They are more familiar to us than the brutish and stupid orcs. In their best moments they are even amusing. All they need is guidance, otherwise they are lost and helpless.
Player: draken
Awareness Of The Emperor: The draken are an exploit of the lizard kin's special breeding procedures. Certain influences under which an egg develops affect several aspects of the creature that is born from it. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Gender, intelligence and physique are only a few of them. Special influences create special creatures. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: An unwanted effect is the birth of the chosen under the influence of heavy doses of undeath. The draken result from exposing lizard eggs to the influence of one of the dragon kings.
Player: orcs
Awareness Of The Emperor: They are barely sentient at all. A despicable race beyond all hope. The minotaurs think they have them under control but it is only a matter of time before the orcs will crush them and revert to their old ways.
Player: minotaurs
Awareness Of The Emperor: They were nearly extinct when we arrived. I understand that the minotaurs that pose a problem to us in these days are foreigners in this land. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: They think they can tame the orcs which I think is such an amusing assumption that I restrained myself from crushing them. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: I want to watch how they fall flat with this folly. They will fail in the end. It's only a question of how and when.
Player: humans
Awareness Of The Emperor: You are different than the humans here. The humans here are not better than the animals of the mountains and the steppes. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: You people on the other hand .. well, you might prove a worthy challenge one day. But first and foremost there are other issues to attend which will take a few centuries. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Only then I might take a look at your land if I am still interested.
Player: issues
Awareness Of The Emperor: Once the trouble with this mad lizard priest is settled, I have to deal with the problem of the spreading corruption. I am sure I will find a suitable solution. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Then the empire has to be restructured and the south to be retaken. After that a phase of rebuilding will begin. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: The empire lacks manpower and due to the corruption and the loss of land it lacks resources, this is certainly something that needs to be dealt with.
Player: corruption
Awareness Of The Emperor: Even we dragons were not unified. We .. continued certain old habits that led to fights which in turn led to inevitable, irreplaceable losses. So by my power I bound the others to my will. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Being the eldest and even more powerful than even most of my lesser brethren can imagine, it was my right to do so. In return I taught them to bind the lesser lizards to their will and so we reforged the empire.
Player: reforged
Awareness Of The Emperor: I foresaw that with my ultimate demise the infighting would resume and destroy all what is left of us. So I decided that I was too important to die. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: My time was limited though and the only means of survival that I could come up with was to transform me into a lich, a creature of undeath. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: It was an .. unexpected experience. However, soon I learnt about the changes my new state of existence involved and the way how things work.
Player: state
Awareness Of The Emperor: Through my connection to the other dragons, my undeath spread in an unexpected way. And it did not stop at the dragons. It went on through them to the lizards they had bound and through them to the land itself. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: It seems the land itself became the place where the undeathly influence was finally dumped as it suffered much more than the beings that functioned as transmitters. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: However, you see that what you call corruption is only an unwanted by-product of something far greater and more important.
Player: undeath
Awareness Of The Emperor: It is certainly no ideal state but a necessity. I take it upon me for the sake of the land. Without me my people would perish and so would the civilisation of the lizards. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Or worse, they would continue to worship that unspeakable snake thing that is willing to devour the whole world to become a god.
Player: resistance
Awareness Of The Emperor: Those fools are misled by the snake god and its treacherous priests. If it weren't for us dragons, the lizards had perished long ago. It was our power that crushed their enemies and our guidance that ended centuries of intrigue and infighting. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: We deserve their respect and loyalty. They owe us these things like they owe us their existence.
Player: loyalty
Awareness Of The Emperor: They owe us their existence. Without us their empire would crumble. We are their only hope and the only hope of stability for this land.
Player: stability
Awareness Of The Emperor: If the lizard empire crushed, the orcs would turn on each other and sooner or later wipe out the minotaurs and humans. Then the land would lapse into bloodshed and barbarism. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: We are the only source of order in this land and the only ones who have the power to enforce such an order.
Player: zalamon
Awareness Of The Emperor: That is the name of the priest serving this mad snake, isn't it? In the end he is of no importance. He is just a willing vessel. He seems to serve as some sort of anchor or even avatar for the snake's power. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Fortunately, his body is too weak to channel much of the snake's power. He might become a formidable opponent but he will still be mortal. With a sizeable force of capable opponents he can be brought down.
Player: crystals
Awareness Of The Emperor: The tainted crystals work reversely to their actual intention. It will take a while to reconfigure them. One part of my consciousness is already working on this problem.
Player: mission (Wrath of the Emperor - Mission 11: Payback Time)
Awareness Of The Emperor: The amplified force of the snake god is tearing the land apart. It is using my crystals in a reverse way to drain the vital force from the land and its inhabitants to fuel its power. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: I will withstand its influence as good as possible and slow this process. You will have to fight its worldly incarnation though. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: It is still weak and disoriented. You might stand a chance - this is our only chance. I will send you to the point to where the vital force is channelled. I have no idea where that might be though. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: You will probably have to fight some sort of vessel the snake god uses. Even if you defeat it, it is likely that it only weakens the snake. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: You might have to fight several incarnations until the snake god is worn out enough. Then use the power of the snake's own sceptre against it. Use it on its corpse to claim your victory. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: Be prepared for the fight of your life! Are you ready?
Player: no
Awareness Of The Emperor: We are running short of time foolish mortal. I have no idea how long I can withhold the vital force from the snake god. ...
Awareness Of The Emperor: When you feel ready to face the snake god use the teleporter over there. Pray to your gods it's not too late.
Player: yes
Awareness Of The Emperor: So be it!
Player: bye
Awareness Of The Emperor: Good bye.
Player: (vanish)
Awareness Of The Emperor: Bye.
