For too long have we minotaurs suffered at the hands of the weak races. Too long have we been in hiding, weakened by internal power struggles. But a new guiding hand has arisen. A leader who deserves this title and who is ready to restore our greatness once again. Wisdom, determination and new, powerful weapons are his tools to shape the fate of the minotaur race. A new order will arise and the old one will be cast down. The rigid structures that have prevented the young and talented from rising will be destroyed. A new system rewarding skill but also loyalty will be put in place. The race will be united under a new ruler and use all its strength and power towards one goal only: the restoration of minotaur power. But we won't stop there, brothers and sisters. We will forge a new empire of minotaurhood, the likes of which the world has never seen. We will subjugate the other races and put them into the place they belong to. Those who oppose us, though, will be vanquished. A true minotaur will join us in our just cause. Coward traitors, though, who cling to the old ways that led to our downfall, will be crushed underneath the heels of our marching legions. The world will be fully ours. We are destined to rule. The lesser races will bow down or be obliterated. No longer will we hide beneath the surface but rather walk upon it as rightful rulers. We will walk the green pastures once again and our herds will flourish and multiply. Our rule will be absolute and those who have joined our cause will be rewarded accordingly. Those who cowardly hide and wait for the inevitable new order might be allowed to live after we have passed judgment on them. Yet, those who join early and further our goals will become the new lords in the world that we are about to create. Our leader will rule supreme with the godlike powers he acquired and he will grant a fraction of them to those who are worthy. Don't hold back. This is the time to act. Be brave and earn your place in the new order now. Hesitate, and you will doom yourself and your descendants to unimportance for eternity. We are about to bring much needed order and dignity to our realm. You are either with us or against us. Don't be blind to the change that is to come. Do yourself and your descendants a favor and be a part of history in the making. Join us in our just cause or be forever disgraced and damned. Our leader will rule supreme with the godlike powers he acquired and he will grant a fraction of them to those who are worthy. Don't hold back. This is the time to act. Be brave and earn your place in the new order now. Hesitate, and you will doom yourself and your descendants to unimportance for eternity. We are about to bring much needed order and dignity to our realm. You are either with us or against us. Don't be blind to the change that is to come. Do yourself and your descendants a favor and be a part of history in the making. Join us in our just cause or be forever disgraced and damned. Our leader will rule supreme with the godlike powers he acquired and he will grant a fraction of them to those who are worthy. Don't hold back. This is the time to act. Be brave and earn your place in the new order now. Hesitate, and you will doom yourself and your descendants to unimportance for eternity. We are about to bring much needed order and dignity to our realm. You are either with us or against us. Don't be blind to the change that is to come. Do yourself and your descendants a favor and be a part of history in the making. Join us in our just cause or be forever disgraced and damned. and you will doom yourself and your descendants to unimportance for eternity. We are about to bring much needed order and dignity to our realm. You are either with us or against us. Don't be blind to the change that is to come. Do yourself and your descendants a favor and be a part of history in the making. Join us in our just cause or be forever disgraced and damned. and you will doom yourself and your descendants to unimportance for eternity. We are about to bring much needed order and dignity to our realm. You are either with us or against us. Don't be blind to the change that is to come. Do yourself and your descendants a favor and be a part of history in the making. Join us in our just cause or be forever disgraced and damned.