Player: (idle)
Al Dee: Don't head for adventure without a rope and torches! Buy your supplies here!
Al Dee: Feeling lost? You can always ask me about general hints!
Al Dee: Are you looking for the best trades? Come to my shop!
Al Dee: Tools and general equipment at Al Dee's!
Player: Hi  
Al Dee: Hello, hello, Player! Please come in, look, and buy! I'm a specialist for all sorts of tools. Just ask me for a trade to see my offers! You can also ask me for general hints about the game. ...  
Al Dee: You can also ask me about each citizen of the isle.  
Player: How Are You?  
Al Dee: I'm fine. I'm so glad to have you here as my customer.  
Player: Tools  
Al Dee: As an adventurer, you should always have at least a backpack, a rope, a shovel, a weapon, an armor and a shield.  
Player: offer  
Al Dee: Just ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: Trade  
Al Dee: Take a look in the trade window to your right.  
Player: Gold  
Al Dee: Well, no gold, no deal. Earn gold by fighting monsters and picking up the things they carry. Sell it to merchants to make profit!  
Player: Backpack / Rope / Shovel  
Al Dee: I am a merchant. What can I do for you?  
Player: Weapon  
Al Dee: Oh, I'm sorry, but I don't deal with weapons. That's Obi's or Lee'Delle's business. I could offer you a pick in exchange for a small axe if you should happen to own one.  
Player: Armor / Shield  
Al Dee: Armor and shields can be bought at Dixi's or at Lee'Delle's. Dixi runs that shop near Obi's.<br  
Player: Food  
Al Dee: Hmm, the best address to look for food might be Willie or Billy. Norma also has some snacks for sale.  
Player: Potions  
Al Dee: Sorry, I don't sell potions. You should visit Lily for that.  
Player: Cookies / Fishing  
Al Dee: I sell fishing rods and worms if you want to fish. Simply ask me for a trade.  
Player: Cooking  
Al Dee: I you want to find someone who may want to buy your cookies, you should meet Lily.  
Player: Fish  
Al Dee: No thanks. I don't like fish.  
Player: Torch  
Al Dee: No thank you. I can already overstock the market with torches.  
Player: Worms  
Al Dee: I have enough worms myself and don't want any more. Use them for fishing.  
Player: Bone  
Al Dee: You better put that bone back there where you dug it out.  
Player: Help  
Al Dee: If you need general equipment, just ask me for a trade. I can also provide you with some general hints about the game.  
Player: Job  
Al Dee: I'm a merchant. Just ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: Name  
Al Dee: My name is Al Dee, but you can call me Al. Can I interest you in a trade?  
Player: Time  
Al Dee: It's about 0:00 am. I'm so sorry, I have no watches to sell. Do you want to buy something else?  
Player: Premium  
Al Dee: As a premium adventurer you have many advantages. You really should check them out!  
Player: King  
Al Dee: The king encouraged salesmen to travel here, but only I dared to take the risk, and a risk it was!  
Player: Sell  
Al Dee: Just ask me for a trade to see what I buy from you.  
Player: Wares / Stuff  
Al Dee: Just ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: Ck / Small Axe  
Al Dee: Picks are hard to come by. I trade them only in exchange for high quality small axes. Would you like to make that deal?  
Player: No (depois de Pick / Small Axe  
Al Dee: Well, then don't.  
Player: Yes (depois de Pick / Small Axe - sem um Small Axe  
Al Dee: Sorry, I am looking for a SMALL axe.  
Player: Yes (depois de Pick / Small Axe - com um Small Axe  
Al Dee: Splendid! Here, take your pick.  
Player: Dungeon  
Al Dee: If you want to explore the dungeons such as the sewers, you have to equip yourself with the vital stuff I am selling. It's vital in the deepest sense of the word.  
Player: Sewers  
Al Dee: Oh, our sewer system is very primitive - it's so primitive that it's overrun by rats. But the stuff I sell is safe from them. Just ask me for a trade to see it!  
Player: Vital  
Al Dee: Well, vital means - necessary for you to survive!  
Player: Rats  
Al Dee: Rats plague our sewers. You can sell fresh rat corpses to Seymour or Tom the tanner.  
Player: Monsters  
Al Dee: If you want to challenge monsters in the dungeons, you need some weapons and armor from the local merchants.  
Player: Merchants  
Al Dee: To view the offers of a merchant, simply talk to him or her and ask for a trade. They will gladly show you their offers and also the things they buy from you.  
Player: Tibia  
Al Dee: One day I will return to the continent as a rich, a very rich man!  
Player: Rookgaard  
Al Dee: On the island of Rookgaard you can gather important experiences to prepare yourself for mainland.  
Player: Mainland  
Al Dee: Have you ever wondered what that 'main' is people are talking about? Well, once you've reached level 8, you should talk to the oracle. You can choose a profession afterwards and explore much more of Tibia.  
Player: Profession  
Al Dee: You will learn everything you need to know about professions once you've reached the Island of Destiny.  
Player: Island of Destiny  
Al Dee: The Island of Destiny can be reached via the oracle once you are level 8. This trip will help you choose your profession!  
Player: Thais  
Al Dee: Thais is a crowded town.  
Player: Academy  
Al Dee: The big building in the centre of Rookgaard. They have a library, a training centre, a bank and the room of the oracle. Seymour is the teacher there.  
Player: Bank  
Al Dee: A bank is quite useful. You can deposit your money safely there. This way you don't have to carry it around with you all the time. You could also invest your money in my wares!  
Player: Temple  
Al Dee: The monk Cipfried takes care of our temple. He can heal you if you're badly injured or poisoned.  
Player: Citizen  
Al Dee: If you tell me the name of a citizen, I'll tell you what I know about him or her.  
Player: Al Dee  
Al Dee: Yep, that's me. Smart of you to notice that!  
Player: Amber  
Al Dee: She's currently recovering from her travels in the academy. It's always nice to chat with her!  
Player: Billy  
Al Dee: This is a local farmer. If you need fresh food to regain your health, it's a good place to go. He's only trading with premium adventurers though.  
Player: Cipfried  
Al Dee: He is just an old monk. However, he can heal you if you are badly injured or poisoned.  
Player: Dallheim  
Al Dee: ome call him a hero. He protects the town from monsters.  
Player: Dixi  
Al Dee: She's Obi's granddaughter and deals with armors and shields. Her shop is south west of town, close to the temple.  
Player: Hyacinth  
Al Dee: He mostly stays by himself. He's a hermit outside of town - good luck finding him.  
Player: Lily  
Al Dee: She sells health potions and antidote potions. Also, she buys blueberries and cookies in case you find any.  
Player: Loui  
Al Dee: No idea who that is.  
Player: Norma  
Al Dee: She used to sell equipment, but I think she has opened a small bar now. Talks about changing her name to 'Mary' and such, strange girl.  
Player: Obi  
Al Dee: He sells weapons. His shop is south west of town, close to the temple.  
Player: Paulie  
Al Dee: He's the local bank clerk.  
Player: Santiago  
Al Dee: He dedicated his life to welcome newcomers to this island.  
Player: Seymour  
Al Dee: Seymour is a teacher running the academy. He has many important information about Tibia.  
Player: The Oracle  
Al Dee: You can find the oracle on the top floor of the academy, just above Seymour. Go there when you are level 8.  
Player: Tom  
Al Dee: He's the local tanner. You could try selling fresh corpses or leather to him.  
Player: Willie  
Al Dee: This is a local farmer. If you need fresh food to regain your health, it's a good place to go. However, many monsters also carry food such as meat or cheese. Or you could simply pick blueberries.  
Player: Zerbrus  
Al Dee: Some call him a hero. He protects the town from monsters.  
Player: Zirella  
Al Dee: Poor old woman, her son Tom never visits her.  
Player: Bye  
Al Dee: Bye, bye Player.  
