Player: hi  
Hyacinth: Greetings, traveller Leonardo Dikarpio. As you have found the way to my hut, how can I help you?  
Player: help  
Hyacinth: What help do you seek? I sell health potions, ask me for a trade if you need one.  
Player: trade  
Hyacinth: Here. Don't forget, if you buy potions, there's a deposit of 5 gold on the empty flask.  
Player: deposit  
Hyacinth: I'll pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: job  
Hyacinth: I'm a druid and healer, a follower of Crunor.  
Player: name  
Hyacinth: I'm Hyacinth.  
Player: druid  
Hyacinth: There are only two other druids on Rookgaard, Lily and Cipfried.  
Player: Crunor  
Hyacinth: May Crunor bless you and protect you on your journeys!  
Player: Lily  
Hyacinth: She's a druid. Since she started selling health potions, people visit me only rarely. Which is a good thing, but of course I'll help if I'm needed.  
Player: Cipfried  
Hyacinth: His healing powers equal mine.  
Player: potion  
Hyacinth: Yes, I sell small health potions. Ask me for a trade if you need one.  
Player: norma  
Hyacinth: Now she has completely gotten out of her mind.  
Player: buy / sell / offer / stuff / wares  
Hyacinth: Just ask me for a trade to check out my offers. I have only small health potions for sale, though.  
Player: god  
Hyacinth: Teaching you about the gods would require too much time. But you can always read the books in the library.  
Player: library  
Hyacinth: The library is in the academy, north of the temple.  
Player: academy  
Hyacinth: A place to learn about Tibia.  
Player: Tibia  
Hyacinth: It is shaped by the will of the gods, so we don't have to question it.  
Player: temple  
Hyacinth: I used to be there with my old friend Cipfried to heal adventurers. After all these years, I prefer solitude now.  
Player: rookgaard  
Hyacinth: I rarely visit the town. It's much better here.  
Player: king  
Hyacinth: I don't care about kings, queens, and the like.  
Player: al dee  
Hyacinth: One of these greedy merchants.  
Player: billy  
Hyacinth: He's a farmer and behaves a little better than his cousin.  
Player: willie  
Hyacinth: An unpleasant person.  
Player: dallheim  
Hyacinth: A man of the sword.  
Player: hyacinth  
Hyacinth: That's my name.  
Player: dixi  
Hyacinth: I think she's under bad influence.  
Player: Lee'Delle  
Hyacinth: She's actually quite nice.  
Player: loui  
Hyacinth: He was a promising young druid when something happened to his mind. It's a sad story.  
Player: paulie  
Hyacinth: I think that guy is new. He's a bank clerk.  
Player: bank  
Hyacinth: Storage for worldly wealth.  
Player: obi  
Hyacinth: A greedy and annoying person just like most people are.  
Player: santiago  
Hyacinth: He does a good job out there.  
Player: Seymour  
Hyacinth: He has some inner devils that torture him.  
Player: the oracle  
Hyacinth: The oracle will lead you to your destiny once you are level 8.  
Player: destiny  
Hyacinth: Who knows what it will be? Only time will show.  
Player: time  
Hyacinth: Time doesn't matter to me.  
Player: tom  
Hyacinth: Tom is the local tanner. That means he always needs fresh corpses or leather.  
Player: Zerbrus  
Hyacinth: A man of the sword.  
Player: zirella  
Hyacinth: I know her since she was little.  
Player: main  
Hyacinth: There's a huge world waiting for you.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Send private messages to other players by right-clicking on the player or the player's name and select 'Message to ....'. You can also open a 'private message channel' and type in the name of the player.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Use the shortcuts 'SHIFT' to look, 'CTRL' for use and 'ALT' for attack when clicking on an object or player.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: If you already know where you want to go, click on the automap and your character will walk there automatically if the location is reachable and not too far away.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: To open or close skills, battle or VIP list, click on the corresponding button to the right.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: 'Capacity' restricts the amount of things you can carry with you. It raises with each level.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Always have a look on your health bar. If you see that you do not regenerate health points anymore, eat something.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Always eat as much food as possible. This way, you'll regenerate health points for a longer period of time.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: After you have killed a monster, you have 10 seconds in which the corpse is not moveable and no one else but you can loot it.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Be careful when you approach three or more monsters because you only can block the attacks of two. In such a situation even a few rats can do severe damage or even kill you.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: There are many ways to gather food. Many creatures drop food but you can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you have a fishing rod and worms in your inventory, you can also try to catch a fish.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Baking bread is rather complex. First of all you need a scythe to harvest wheat. Then you use the wheat with a millstone to get flour. ...  
Hyacinth: This can be be used on water to get dough, which can be used on an oven to bake bread. Use milk instead of water to get cake dough.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Dying hurts! Better run away than risk your life. You are going to lose experience and skill points when you die.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: When you switch to 'Offensive Fighting', you deal out more damage but you also get hurt more easily.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: When you are on low health and need to run away from a monster, switch to 'Defensive Fighting' and the monster will hit you less severely.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Many creatures try to run away from you. Select 'Chase Opponent' to follow them.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: The deeper you enter a dungeon, the more dangerous it will be. Approach every dungeon with utmost care or an unexpected creature might kill you. This will result in losing experience and skill points.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Due to the perspective, some objects in Tibia are not located at the spot they seem to appear (ladders, windows, lamps). Try clicking on the floor tile the object would lie on.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: If you want to trade an item with another player, right-click on the item and select 'Trade with ...', then click on the player with whom you want to trade.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Stairs, ladders and dungeon entrances are marked as yellow dots on the automap.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: You can get food by killing animals or monsters. You can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you are too lazy or own too much money, you can also buy food.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Quest containers can be recognised easily. They don't open up regularly but display a message 'You have found ....'. They can only be opened once.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Better run away than risk to die. You'll lose experience and skill points each time you die.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: You can form a party by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. The party leader can also enable 'Shared Experience' by right-clicking on him- or herself.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: You can assign spells, the use of items, or random text to 'hotkeys'. You find them under 'Options'.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: You can also follow other players. Just right-click on the player and select 'Follow'.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: You can found a party with your friends by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. If you are invited to a party, right-click on yourself and select 'Join Party'.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: Only found parties with people you trust. You can attack people in your party without getting a skull. This is helpful for training your skills, but can be abused to kill people without having to fear negative consequences.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: The leader of a party has the option to distribute gathered experience among all players in the party. If you are the leader, right-click on yourself and select 'Enable Shared Experience'.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: There is nothing more I can tell you. If you are still in need of some hints, I can repeat them for you.  
Player: hint  
Hyacinth: If you don't know the meaning of an icon on the right side, move the mouse cursor on it and wait a moment.  
Player: equipment / backpack / rope / shovel / armor / shield / helmet / fishing  
Hyacinth: You'll have to buy that from the merchants in town. I'm just a simple druid and healer.  
Player: weapon  
Hyacinth: I don't care much about weapons.  
Player: cookies / food / blueberries  
Hyacinth: Are you hungry? I'm sorry, I have no food here.  
Player: dungeon  
Hyacinth: The dungeons are dangerous for inexperienced adventurers.  
Player: how are you?  
Hyacinth: Thank the gods, I'm fine.  
Player: thank  
Hyacinth: You're welcome, Leonardo Dikarpio.  
Player: magic  
Hyacinth: I'm one of the few magic users on this isle. I can sense a follower of the dark path of magic hiding somewhere in the depths of the dungeons.  
Player: amber  
Hyacinth: I saw her stranding with her raft.  
Player: spells  
Hyacinth: I can't teach you magic. On the mainland you will learn spells early enough.  
Player: monster  
Hyacinth: Most of the so-called monsters of this isle are only creatures of the gods. There are some beasts that are truly monstrous on the mainland.  
Player: vial / deposit  
Hyacinth: I'll pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Hyacinth: May Crunor bless you.  
