Player: hi / hello  
Lily: Welcome, Player! You look a little stressed today. If you like to view my offers of potions, just ask me for a trade. In case you're looking for the marketplace and dungeons, just follow the path to the east!  
Player: academy  
Lily: The academy is the big stone building in the town centre. If you're ready to leave Rookgaard, go there to see the oracle.  
Player: Al Dee  
Lily: Best tool shop in town, if you ask me.  
Player: Amber  
Lily: I heard that she's recovering below the academy. She has been on an exciting expedition. I haven't talked to her yet, though.  
Player: antidote  
Lily: Antidote potions will cure poisoning. They also have a lovely blueberry taste. You only need them when you get poisoned deep down in a dungeon, else just go to the temple for a free heal!  
Player: antidote potion  
Lily: I can offer you homemade antidote potions and small health potions. Ask me for a trade if you like to see them.  
Player: armor  
Lily: Armors? Best buy them at Dixi's little counter, just upstairs from Obi's shop. Or, if you have a premium account, go to Lee'Delle for better offers.  
Player: bank  
Lily: It's wise to store most of your gold at the bank below the academy. It's safer that way.  
Player: Billy  
Lily: He's a farmer and sells food. Food will help you regain health when you are injured. Many monsters also carry food with them.  
Player: blueberry / berry / blueberries  
Lily: Oh, do you have blueberries for sale? I need them for my antidote potion. I give you 1 gold for 5 of them, yes?  
Player: cipfried  
Lily: Visiting Cipfried in the temple is a good idea if you are injured or poisoned. He can heal you.  
Player: citizen  
Lily: If you tell me the name of a citizen, I'll tell you what I know about him or her.  
Player: cookie  
Lily: Yum, cookies! If you have some for me, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Crunor  
Lily: Crunor is the great lord of trees and the creator of all plants. Despite what some people believe, he didn't create the monsters, though.  
Player: Dallheim  
Lily: He is a great warrior. He can also tell you much about monsters and dungeons on this island.  
Player: deposit / flask / vial  
Lily: I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: Dixi  
Lily: She's Obi's granddaughter and deals with armors and shields, just upstairs from Obi's shop.  
Player: druid  
Lily: Being a druid is a wonderful profession. You control the forces of nature and can heal others.  
Player: dungeon  
Lily: If you need information about the dungeons here, you should talk to one of the bridge guards. They will show you where to go.  
Player: equipment  
Lily: You definitely need a good weapon, an armor and a shield. Also, you should never leave for a dungeon without rope, shovel and torch.  
Player: fight  
Lily: If you want to fight monsters, you should get better equipment from the merchants. You should also talk to one of the bridge guards to find suitable monsters for you.  
Player: food  
Lily: Oh, I'm sorry honey, I don't sell food. If you are hungry, visit one of the farmers Billy and Willie. I buy blueberries and cookies, though.  
Player: gold / money  
Lily: Earn gold by fighting monsters and picking up what they carry. Sell it to merchants to make profit!  
Player: guard  
Lily: Our bridge guards are Dallheim and Zerbrus. You can find Dallheim if you follow the path to the right, then turn north at the temple.  
Player: health  
Lily: Health potions will heal you for about 75 hit points. It can't hurt to carry one with you, just in case.  
Player: help / information  
Lily: How can I help you? If you like to buy something, just ask me for a trade. We can also chat about Tibia. Or, I could give you general hints about the game.  
Player: how are you  
Lily: I'm in tune with myself and with nature. Thank you.  
Player: hyacinth  
Lily: Hyacinth also sells small health potions. He lives outside the village, in a hidden place.  
Player: job  
Lily: I'm a druid, bound to the spirit of nature. My potions will help you if you feel bad. I also buy blueberries and cookies. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: king  
Lily: I think Tibia would be a better place without authorities who lead others to war. Can't we just all live in peace?  
Player: Lee'Delle  
Lily: If you are a premium adventurer, you should check out Lee'Delle's shop. She lives in the western part of town, just across the bridge.  
Player: Lily  
Lily: Yes?  
Player: Loui  
Lily: He used to help me gather blueberries. Then, one day, he suddenly stopped comming here. They say he went a little out of his mind.  
Player: main  
Lily: The main continent is huge! The gods of Tibia created everything from great seas, deep jungles and large deserts.  
Player: merchant  
Lily: To view the offers of a merchant, simply talk to him or her and ask for a trade. They will gladly show you their offers and also the things they buy from you.  
Player: monster  
Lily: Sadly, our little village of Rookgaard is invaded by monsters. From the dungeons they creep to the surface and attack the city. We always need adventurers helping us to fight them.  
Player: name  
Lily: My name is Lily, like the flower. It also stands for purity, just like my potions are!  
Player: Norma  
Lily: I don't know what to think about all this new bar. Rookgaard needs a little peace!  
Player: Obi  
Lily: He sells weapons. His shop is east of here.  
Player: offer / stuff / buy / wares  
Lily: Just ask me for a trade to see my offers. If you want to sell blueberries, ask me about them separately.  
Player: oracle  
Lily: You can find the oracle on the top floor of the academy, just above Seymour. Go there when you are level 8 to reach more areas of Tibia.  
Player: Paulie  
Lily: He takes care of the bank, keeping our money safe.  
Player: poisoning  
Lily: Some creatures like snakes or poison spiders can poison you. That will diminish your health over a certain amount of time, so be careful when dealing with those creatures!  
Player: potion  
Lily: I can offer you homemade antidote potions and small health potions. Ask me for a trade if you like to see them.  
Player: premium  
Lily: If you purchase premium time for your account, this opens up a lot of possibilities. ...  
Lily: For example, you will be able to travel off the mainland, ride a mount and benefit from offline training as well as having more outfits and magic spells to choose from.  
Player: rookgaard  
Lily: Well, in this village and its surroundings you can train your skills until you are level 8. Then you should see the oracle and head to the main continent.  
Player: rope / shovel / torch  
Lily: You best buy such equipment at Al Dee's store in the North of the village. Or, if you have a premium account, go to Lee'Delle for better offers.  
Player: Santiago  
Lily: We tried everything to fight that cockroach plague in his cellar, but natural anti-bug potions simply won't help. I guess those roaches need to be fought with stronger weapons.  
Player: sell  
Lily: Just ask me for a trade to see what I buy from you. If you want to sell blueberries, ask me about them separately.  
Player: Seymour  
Lily: Seymour is a teacher running the academy. He has many important information about Tibia.  
Player: shield  
Lily: Shields? Best buy them at Dixi's little counter, just upstairs from Obi's shop. Or, if you have a premium account, go to Lee'Delle for better offers.  
Player: shop  
Lily: There are many shops around here which are owned by local citizens.  
Player: temple  
Lily: The temple is just to the right. You can get a healing for free there if you are badly injured or poisoned.  
Player: thank  
Lily: Oh, it's a pleasure.  
Player: Tibia  
Lily: Tibia is our beautiful world, created by the gods. Being a druid, I'm a worshipper of Crunor.  
Player: time  
Lily: It's about 5:05 pm. But does it really matter? Don't rush yourself and enjoy all these little moments.  
Player: tom  
Lily: He's the local tanner. You could try selling fresh corpses or leather to him.  
Player: trade  
Lily: Of course, just browse through my offers. If you buy a potion, don't forget that there's a deposit of 5 gold on the empty flask.  
Player: train  
Lily: To train your skills, simply help us fighting monsters.  
Player: weapon  
Lily: If you are looking for weapons, you should visit Obi's shop east of here. Or, if you have a premium account, go to Lee'Delle for better offers.  
Player: Willie  
Lily: He's a farmer and sells food. Food will help you regain health when you are injured. Many monsters also carry food with them.  
Player: Zerbrus  
Lily: He is a great warrior. He can also tell you much about monsters and dungeons on this island.  
Player: Zirella  
Lily: That poor old woman. I wish I could help her.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Send private messages to other players by right-clicking on the player or the player's name and select 'Message to ....'. You can also open a 'private message channel' and type in the name of the player.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Use the shortcuts 'SHIFT' to look, 'CTRL' for use and 'ALT' for attack when clicking on an object or player.  
Player: hint  
Lily: If you already know where you want to go, click on the automap and your character will walk there automatically if the location is reachable and not too far away.  
Player: hint  
Lily: To open or close skills, battle or VIP list, click on the corresponding button to the right.  
Player: hint  
Lily: 'Capacity' restricts the amount of things you can carry with you. It raises with each level.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Always have a look on your health bar. If you see that you do not regenerate health points anymore, eat something.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Always eat as much food as possible. This way, you'll regenerate health points for a longer period of time.  
Player: hint  
Lily: After you have killed a monster, you have 10 seconds in which the corpse is not moveable and no one else but you can loot it.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Be careful when you approach three or more monsters because you only can block the attacks of two. In such a situation even a few rats can do severe damage or even kill you.  
Player: hint  
Lily: There are many ways to gather food. Many creatures drop food but you can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you have a fishing rod and worms in your inventory, you can also try to catch a fish.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Baking bread is rather complex. First of all you need a scythe to harvest wheat. Then you use the wheat with a millstone to get flour. ...  
Lily: This can be be used on water to get dough, which can be used on an oven to bake bread. Use milk instead of water to get cake dough.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Dying hurts! Better run away than risk your life. You are going to lose experience and skill points when you die.  
Player: hint  
Lily: When you switch to 'Offensive Fighting', you deal out more damage but you also get hurt more easily.  
Player: hint  
Lily: When you are on low health and need to run away from a monster, switch to 'Defensive Fighting' and the monster will hit you less severely.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Many creatures try to run away from you. Select 'Chase Opponent' to follow them.  
Player: hint  
Lily: The deeper you enter a dungeon, the more dangerous it will be. Approach every dungeon with utmost care or an unexpected creature might kill you. This will result in losing experience and skill points.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Due to the perspective, some objects in Tibia are not located at the spot they seem to appear (ladders, windows, lamps). Try clicking on the floor tile the object would lie on.  
Player: hint  
Lily: If you want to trade an item with another player, right-click on the item and select 'Trade with ...', then click on the player with whom you want to trade.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Stairs, ladders and dungeon entrances are marked as yellow dots on the automap.  
Player: hint  
Lily: You can get food by killing animals or monsters. You can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you are too lazy or own too much money, you can also buy food.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Quest containers can be recognised easily. They don't open up regularly but display a message 'You have found ....'. They can only be opened once.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Better run away than risk to die. You'll lose experience and skill points each time you die.  
Player: hint  
Lily: You can form a party by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. The party leader can also enable 'Shared Experience' by right-clicking on him- or herself.  
Player: hint  
Lily: You can assign spells, the use of items, or random text to 'hotkeys'. You find them under 'Options'.  
Player: hint  
Lily: You can also follow other players. Just right-click on the player and select 'Follow'.  
Player: hint  
Lily: You can found a party with your friends by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. If you are invited to a party, right-click on yourself and select 'Join Party'.  
Player: hint  
Lily: Only found parties with people you trust. You can attack people in your party without getting a skull. This is helpful for training your skills, but can be abused to kill people without having to fear negative consequences.  
Player: hint  
Lily: The leader of a party has the option to distribute gathered experience among all players in the party. If you are the leader, right-click on yourself and select 'Enable Shared Experience'.  
Player: hint  
Lily: There is nothing more I can tell you. If you are still in need of some hints, I can repeat them for you.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Lily: Take care, Player.  
