Player: (idle)
Tom: Oh yeah, I'm also interested in wolf paws and bear paws.
Tom: Buying fresh corpses of rats, rabbits and wolves.
Tom: Also buying minotaur leather.
Player: hi / hello  
Tom: Hey there, Player. I'm Tom the tanner. If you have fresh corpses, leather, paws or other animal body parts, trade with me.  
Player: academy  
Tom: Those people in the academy have no idea what's going on in the real world. Books are not everything.  
Player: addon / outfit  
Tom: Would you like to wear bear paws like I do? No problem, just bring me 50 bear paws and 50 wolf paws and I'll make them for you.  
Player: Al Dee  
Tom: He's an apple polisher.  
Player: Amber  
Tom: Now that's an interesting woman.  
Player: armor / shield / weapon / helmet  
Tom: Nope, sorry, don't sell that. Ask Obi or Lee'Delle.  
Player: backpack / rope / shovel  
Tom: Nope, sorry, don't sell that. Go see Al Dee or Lee'Delle.  
Player: bank  
Tom: When you head into a dungeon, leave your gold at the bank. Did you ever wonder why monsters carry gold with them? Devoured adventurers, mark my words.  
Player: bear paw / wolf paw  
Tom: Have you brought 50 bear paws and 50 wolf paws?  
Player: Billy  
Tom: He's a better cook than his cousin Willie, actually.  
Player: blueberr  
Tom: There are many blueberry bushes in and around this village. Nature's for free.  
Player: cipfried  
Tom: I'm not what you'd call a 'believer'.  
Player: cookie / food  
Tom: I don't sell food, you should ask at the farms of Willie or Billy.  
Player: Dallheim  
Tom: He's okay.  
Player: Dixi  
Tom: She buys my fine leather clothes.  
Player: dungeon  
Tom: Dungeons can be dangerous without proper equipment.  
Player: equipment  
Tom: You need at least a backpack, a rope, a shovel, a weapon, an armor and a shield.  
Player: fishing  
Tom: I don't fish.  
Player: fresh  
Tom: Fresh means: shortly after their death.  
Player: gold / money  
Tom: Well, no gold, no deal. Earn gold by fighting monsters and picking up the things they carry. Also, you can sell their corpses to me.  
Player: help  
Tom: Help? I will give you a few gold coins if you have some fresh dead animals for me. Note the word fresh.  
Player: how are you  
Tom: Much to do these days.  
Player: human  
Tom: Are you crazy?!  
Player: hyacinth  
Tom: I wonder if he's angry because his potion monopoly fell.  
Player: info  
Tom: Do I look like a tourist information centre? Go ask someone else.  
Player: job  
Tom: I'm the local tanner. I buy fresh animal corpses, tan them, and convert them into fine leather clothes which I then sell to merchants.  
Player: king  
Tom: Bah, the king. I'm my own king.  
Player: Lee'Delle  
Tom: Her nose is a little high in the air, I think. She never shakes my hand.  
Player: Lily  
Tom: She always comes and preaches about how one should not wear animal skin.  
Player: Loui  
Tom: I wonder what spectacular monsters he has found.  
Player: main  
Tom: You can go there once you are level 8 and have talked to the oracle.  
Player: merchant  
Tom: Dixi and Lee'Delle sell my leather clothes in their shops.  
Player: monster  
Tom: Good monsters to start with are rats. They live in the sewers under the village of Rookgaard.  
Player: name  
Tom: My name is Tom the tanner.  
Player: Norma  
Tom: I like her beer.  
Player: Obi  
Tom: He is such a hypocrite.  
Player: offer / stuff / buy / sell / corpses / wares / animal  
Tom: I'm buying fresh corpses of rats, rabbits and wolves. I don't buy half-decayed ones. If you have any for sale, trade with me.  
Player: oracle  
Tom: It's in the academy, just above Seymour. Go there once you are level 8 to leave this place.  
Player: orc  
Tom: I don't buy orcs. Their skin is too scratchy.  
Player: Paulie  
Tom: Typical pencil pusher.  
Player: potion  
Tom: Go to Lily for that.  
Player: quest  
Tom: Well, if you call that a quest, I have a little collection task. It's about an outfit.  
Player: rookgaard  
Tom: This island has its own problems, but all in all it's a decent place to live.  
Player: Santiago  
Tom: I don't have a problem with him.  
Player: sewer  
Tom: The nearest sewer entrance is just to the right of this building.  
Player: Seymour  
Tom: He sticks his nose too much in books.  
Player: tanner  
Tom: That's my job. It can be dirty at times but it provides enough income for my living.  
Player: Thais  
Tom: Ah, Thais is rotten to the core.  
Player: thank  
Tom: No need for that.  
Player: Tibia  
Tom: Rookgaard is just a tiny spot in the world of Tibia.  
Player: time  
Tom: Sorry, I haven't been outside for a while, so I don't know.  
Player: tom  
Tom: Yep.  
Player: trade  
Tom: Sure, check what I buy.  
Player: troll  
Tom: Troll leather stinks. Can't use it.  
Player: Willie  
Tom: I kinda like him. At least he says what he thinks.  
Player: Zerbrus  
Tom: He's okay.  
Player: Zirella  
Tom: My mother?? Did you meet my mother??  
Player: yes  
Tom: Bah, I guess everyone's telling you horror stories about what a bad son I am. Everyone's judging me although they have no idea what really happened.  
Player: hint  
Tom: 'Capacity' restricts the amount of things you can carry with you. It raises with each level.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Always have a look on your health bar. If you see that you do not regenerate health points anymore, eat something.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Always eat as much food as possible. This way, you'll regenerate health points for a longer period of time.  
Player: hint  
Tom: After you have killed a monster, you have 10 seconds in which the corpse is not moveable and no one else but you can loot it.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Be careful when you approach three or more monsters because you only can block the attacks of two. In such a situation even a few rats can do severe damage or even kill you.  
Player: hint  
Tom: There are many ways to gather food. Many creatures drop food but you can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you have a fishing rod and worms in your inventory, you can also try to catch a fish.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Baking bread is rather complex. First of all you need a scythe to harvest wheat. Then you use the wheat with a millstone to get flour. ...  
Tom: This can be be used on water to get dough, which can be used on an oven to bake bread. Use milk instead of water to get cake dough.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Dying hurts! Better run away than risk your life. You are going to lose experience and skill points when you die.  
Player: hint  
Tom: When you switch to 'Offensive Fighting', you deal out more damage but you also get hurt more easily.  
Player: hint  
Tom: When you are on low health and need to run away from a monster, switch to 'Defensive Fighting' and the monster will hit you less severely.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Many creatures try to run away from you. Select 'Chase Opponent' to follow them.  
Player: hint  
Tom: The deeper you enter a dungeon, the more dangerous it will be. Approach every dungeon with utmost care or an unexpected creature might kill you. This will result in losing experience and skill points.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Due to the perspective, some objects in Tibia are not located at the spot they seem to appear (ladders, windows, lamps). Try clicking on the floor tile the object would lie on.  
Player: hint  
Tom: If you want to trade an item with another player, right-click on the item and select 'Trade with ...', then click on the player with whom you want to trade.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Stairs, ladders and dungeon entrances are marked as yellow dots on the automap.  
Player: hint  
Tom: You can get food by killing animals or monsters. You can also pick blueberries or bake your own bread. If you are too lazy or own too much money, you can also buy food.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Quest containers can be recognised easily. They don't open up regularly but display a message 'You have found ....'. They can only be opened once.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Better run away than risk to die. You'll lose experience and skill points each time you die.  
Player: hint  
Tom: You can form a party by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. The party leader can also enable 'Shared Experience' by right-clicking on him- or herself.  
Player: hint  
Tom: You can assign spells, the use of items, or random text to 'hotkeys'. You find them under 'Options'.  
Player: hint  
Tom: You can also follow other players. Just right-click on the player and select 'Follow'.  
Player: hint  
Tom: You can found a party with your friends by right-clicking on a player and selecting 'Invite to Party'. If you are invited to a party, right-click on yourself and select 'Join Party'.  
Player: hint  
Tom: Only found parties with people you trust. You can attack people in your party without getting a skull. This is helpful for training your skills, but can be abused to kill people without having to fear negative consequences.  
Player: hint  
Tom: The leader of a party has the option to distribute gathered experience among all players in the party. If you are the leader, right-click on yourself and select 'Enable Shared Experience'.  
Player: hint  
Tom: There is nothing more I can tell you. If you are still in need of some hints, I can repeat them for you.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Tom: Good hunting, son.  
