Player: hi  
Wyda: Wyda: What? Talking to me, Player?  
Wyda: What? A mundane talking to me? Amusing.  
Player: hello  
Wyda: Good day, Player.  
 Wyda:  
Player: job / profession  
Wyda: I am a witch. Didn't you notice?  
Player: name  
Wyda: My name is Wyda, and what's yours?  
Player: my name is seu nome  
Wyda: Nice to meet you.  
Player: sister / witches  
Wyda: Some sisters of mine are having a meeting nearby. Don't disturb them, or they will get angry and attack you.  
Player: witch  
Wyda: Aye, I'm a witch.  
Player: mother  
Wyda: Of course my mother was also a witch!  
Locais e Cidades:  
Player: thais  
Wyda: I've heard stories about that city. It's nowhere near here, that's all I can tell you about it.  
Player: stories  
Wyda: Thais is an overcrowded place inhabited by brutal murderers. At least that's what I've been told.  
Player: kazordoon  
Wyda: Isn't that the name of the little bearded fellows' town?  
Player: carlin  
Wyda: Carlin is a beautiful town, but far from here. Do you live there?  
Player: i live in qualquer cidade  
Wyda: That's nice.  
Player: plains of havoc  
Wyda: Many tales exist about the so-called Plains of Havoc. It seems to be a dangerous place.  
Player: tibia  
Wyda: Tibia is the name of our continent.  
Criaturas:  
Player: hunter  
Wyda: To the east, there is a little settlement of hunters. They are cruel humans who attack everything they see.  
Player: giant spider  
Wyda: Yes, there is such a thing in the east, on a small island. It's very powerful.  
Player: bonelord  
Wyda: Bonelords? Strange creatures that have mysterious magical abilities.  
Player: slime  
Wyda: There's lots of slime around. It is said that they live from the swamp water.  
Player: black knight  
Wyda: A black knight? Black is the colour of witches, why would a knight wear black?  
Player: sorcerer  
Wyda: Sorcerers have forgotten about the root of all beings: nature.  
Player: paladin  
Wyda: Paladins can use bows, but no brains.  
Player: knight  
Wyda: Knights succumb to the blindness of rage and the desire for violence and blood.  
Player: druid  
Wyda: Druids are mostly fine people. I'm always happy when I meet one. After all, they are often a bit less prejudiced against my profession.  
Player: tibianus / ferumbras  
Wyda: Haha, that's a stupid name. Who's that?  
Player: bridge  
Wyda: There's a bridge to the west, but it's guarded by dwarfs.  
Player: dwarf / dwarves / little fellows  
Wyda: The little bearded fellows have a town somewhere to the north-west.  
Player: queen  
Wyda: Eloise is the queen of Carlin. I don't care much about royals as long as they don't try to tax me.  
Player: king  
Wyda: There are too many royals on this continent if you ask me...  
Player: time  
Wyda: I think it is the fourth year after Queen Eloise's crowning, but I cannot tell you date or time.  
Player: evil  
Wyda: Evilness doesn't scare me.  
Player: help  
Wyda: I can only help with knowledge. About what do you want me to tell you something?  
Player: buy / offer  
Wyda: I'm currently not selling anything.  
Player: sell  
Wyda: There's nothing I need right now, thanks.  
Player: key  
Wyda: I keep my keys where they belong - in my pocket.  
Player: monster / creature  
Wyda: Many creatures live in, around and beneath the swamp. Be careful!  
Player: swamp  
Wyda: Be careful of the swamp water, it's poisonous!  
Player: herbs  
Wyda: The swamp is home to a wide variety of herbs, but the most famous is the blood herb.  
Player: nature  
Wyda: There are many swamp plants, mushrooms and herbs around here.  
Player: plant  
Wyda: There are many kinds of swamp plants, some can be used for potions, some not.  
Player: potion / secret / recipe  
Wyda: The recipe of the potions is one of the witches' secrets!  
Player: mushroom  
Wyda: Mushrooms taste good and are useful for potions.  
Player: heal  
Wyda: I don't have any healing potions available right now.  
Player: god  
Wyda: I believe that nature itself is God.  
Player: magic / spell  
Wyda: The magic of the witches is one of our secrets!  
Player: granny weatherwax / nanny ogg  
Wyda: I think I've heard that name before...  
Player: voodoo  
Wyda: I don't practice such nonsense, that's just a rumour.  
Player: coffin  
Wyda: That's none of your business.  
Player: gold / platinum  
Wyda: Money means nothing to me.  
Player: cookie  
Wyda: I bake cookies now and then in my spare time.  
Player: orange  
Wyda: I love exotic fruits. I import oranges from the south sometimes, but that's very expensive.  
Player: broom  
Wyda: What about it?  
Player: fly broom  
Wyda: Haha, no... where did you get that idea? I use it to sweep my platform.  
Player: platform  
Wyda: This platform and house were built by my mother, long ago.  
Player: crystal ball  
Wyda: It's a magical item that only witches can use.  
Player: earthquake  
Wyda: The earth in this region shakes now and then. Foolish people think that this is because the gods are angry.  
Player: become a witch  
Player: man  
Wyda: There are only female witches.  
Player: wand  
Wyda: I use a wooden wand. Why are you asking?  
Player: power wand  
Wyda: The power of the wand can only be used by witches.  
Player: quest  
Wyda: A quest? Well, if you're so keen on doing me a favour... Why don't you try to find a blood herb?  
Player: blood herb  
Wyda: The blood herb is very rare. This plant would be very useful for me but I don't know any accessible places where it can be found.  
Player: bye  
Wyda: Good luck on your journeys, Player.  
Durante a Mini World Change Bored Witch:  
Player: hi  
Wyda: I'm bored! Bored bored bored! Nothing ever happens here!  
Player: job / profession  
Wyda: I think witches these days are underpaid. Who needs a witch anyway?  
Player: name  
Wyda: You should know me after all these years!  
Player: giant spider  
Wyda: Oooooh why are you asking? *whistles*  
Player: dwarf / dwarves / little fellows  
Wyda: They surely have something to compensate for.  
Player: time  
Wyda: It's about time SOMETHING HAPPENED HERE!  
Player: help  
Wyda: Help's not in store today. Sorry. Mwihihihi.  
Player: monster / creature  
Wyda: Many creatures live in, around, and beneath the swamp. Be careful... MWIHIHIHIHIHI.  
Player: magic / spell  
Wyda: I want to invent a new spell. I just need a good idea.  
Player: crystal ball  
Wyda: Let me take a look... ah, yes, you'll have a good day. Or maybe a bad one. Doesn't really say it clearly.  
Player: quest  
Wyda: To be honest, I'm drowning in blood herbs by now.  
Player: blood herb  
Wyda: To be honest, I'm drowning in blood herbs by now. But if it helps you, well yes.. I guess I could use another blood herb...  
Player: blood herb (tendo uma blood herb na sua backpack)  
Wyda: Arrr... here we go again.... do you have a #$*&# blood herb for me?  
Player: no  
Wyda: Arrr... here we go again.... do you have a #$*&# blood herb for me?  
Player: yes (Getting a witchesbroom)  
Wyda: Thank you -SOOO- much! No, I really mean it! Really! Here, let me give you a reward...  
Player: yes (Getting a torn teddy)  
Wyda: Thank you -SOOO- much! No, I really mean it! Really! Ah, you know what, you can have this old thing...
Player: Knight
Wyda: Even a knight would be a welcome distraction right now. I could use his little sword to poke him in the eye.
Player: Plains of Havoc
Wyda: The Plains of Havoc... ah, fond memories. I used to go there as a little witch and run from all the giant spiders. How scary!
Player: Paladin
Wyda: I once knew a paladin who had a magic lamp. No wait... different story.
Player: sorcerer
Wyda: I wouldn't mind learning a new spell or two. Maybe I should dabble some in sorcerer magic.
Player: druid
Wyda: Being a druid is fine, you know. Since household injuries are among the most common, you can at least mend your own wounds well.
Player: Queen
Wyda: She has become kinda fat over the years, don't you think? Ha... nothing beats some good gossip. I feel almost entertained.
Player: Swamp
Wyda: Swamp water is good for your skin.
Player: slime
Wyda: Ah, nothing bad about a little slime here and there. Don't slip.
Player: Bonelord
Wyda: Does anyone else think that name is stupid? Behold! A bonelord!
Player: Tibia
Wyda: You're a smart one, aren't you?
Player: Help
Wyda: Help's not in store today. Sorry. Mwihihihi.
Player: God
Wyda: Goddess, yes, you may call me that, thank you.
Player: Gold
Wyda: There's a mightily high mountain somewhere, I heard. Now try to make sense of that.
Player: Carlin
Wyda: I've heard a band of male bards plays there sometimes. Maybe I should pay it a visit.
Player: bye  
Wyda: NO! Don't go! I need someone to entertain me!  
