Player: hi
Aneus: Greetings adventurer Player What brings you to me? I'm just a simple storyteller.
Player: name
Aneus: My name is Aneus, the storyteller.
Player: job
Aneus: I'm a storyteller.
Player: carlin
Aneus: The story of Carlin is closely related to the story of the Fields of Glory. If you are interested in details, ask me about the story.
Player: thais
Aneus: Thais is an ancient city. It has its origin in a hamlet called Tradespot. To learn more about its growth and rise, ask someone else. I don't know this story.
Player: ab'dendriel
Aneus: The elves love stories. I learnt a lot while I lived in their city for a while. You should travel there and talk to the elves, too, and don't forget to visit their library.
Player: library
Aneus: Most cities have small libraries filled with treasures in the form of stories. The biggest library is located in the White Raven Monastery.
Player: White Raven Monastery
Aneus: The White Raven Monastery houses the biggest library in the known world. The monks there are a bit reclusive, though, and the Isle of the Kings is somewhat difficult to reach.
Player: Isle of the Kings
Aneus: The Isle of the Kings is the burial place of the Thaian nobility. For many centuries each king and many nobles have been buried there.
Player: bruno
Aneus: I don't know much about him. I only know that he's selling fish in the village.
Player: marlene
Aneus: A lovely woman. Still, I give you a hint: Better stay away from her! <grins>
Player: graubart
Aneus: I don't know much about him. He sails much and he has seen nearly the whole world.
Player: dwarves
Aneus: The dwarfs have a rich history and like to tell about it. Actually some dwarfs are so old that they experienced many events in history themselves.
Player: gods
Aneus: The gods had great influence on humanity and other races. There are many stories related to them ...
Aneus: In fact, there are so many stories that it won't be sufficient to talk to some people, you will also have to research many books to learn about them.
Player: ferumbras
Aneus: The stories about him are stories of grief, revenge and destruction. You can hear them almost everywhere. My story deals with similar topics but with other people.
Player: excalibug
Aneus: This is a story for another day.
Player: storyteller / story
Aneus: Well, if you wish, I can tell you the story about this place here - the story about the Fields of Glory!
Player: Fields of Glory
Aneus: Ok, sit down and listen. Back in the early days, one of the ancestors of our king Tibianus III wanted to build the best city in whole Tibia.
Player: ancestors
Aneus: Please forgive me. I forgot his name. I'm getting old.
Player: city
Aneus: The work on this new city started and the king sent his best soldiers to protect the workers from orcs and to make them work harder.
Player: work harder
Aneus: The soldiers treated them like slaves.
Player: slaves
Aneus: You don't know what a slave is? I really hope that you will never have to make this experience.
Player: soldiers
Aneus: It was the elite troop of the army. They were called the Red Legion (also known as the Bloody Legion).
Player: orcs
Aneus: The orcs attacked the workers from time to time and disturbed the work on the city.
Player: work on the city
Aneus: The development of the city went quickly. Also a giant castle was built north-east of the city. ...
Aneus: But more and more workers started to rebel because of the bad conditions.
Player: rebel
Aneus: All rebels were brought to the giant castle. Guarded by the Red Legion, they had to work and live in even worse conditions. ...
Aneus: Also some friends of the king's sister were brought there.
Player: friends
Aneus: The king's sister was pretty upset about the situation there but her brother didn't want to do anything about this matter. ...
Aneus: So she made a plan to destroy the Red Legion for their cruelty forever.
Player: cruelty
Aneus: The soldiers treated the workers like slaves.
Player: plan
Aneus: She ordered her loyal druids and hunters to disguise themselves as orcs from the near island and to attack the Red Legion at night over and over again.
Player: island / attack
Aneus: The General of the Red Legion became very angry about these attacks and after some months he struck back!
Player: struck
Aneus: The soldiers of the Red Legion went to the island by night. The orcs were not prepared and the Red Legion killed hundreds of orcs with nearly no loss. ...
Aneus: Afterwards, they walked back to the castle.
Player: walked back
Aneus: It is said that the orcish shamans cursed the Red Legion. ...
Aneus: Nobody knows. But one third of the soldiers died due to a disease on the way back. ...
Aneus: And the orcs wanted to take revenge, and after some days they struck back! ...
Aneus: The orcs and many allied cyclopes and minotaurs from all over Tibia came to avenge their friends and killed nearly all workers and soldiers in the castle. ...
Aneus: The help of the king's sister arrived too late.
Player: help
Aneus: She tried to rescue the workers but it was too late. The orcs started immediately to attack her troops, too. ...
Aneus: Her royal troops went back to the city. A trick saved the city from destruction.
Player: trick / destruction
Aneus: They used the same trick they had used against the Red Legion, and the orcs started to fight their non-orcish allies. ...
Aneus: After a bloody and long fight, the orcs went back to their cities. The city of Carlin was rescued. ...
Aneus: Ever since, a woman has been ruling over Carlin and this statue was made to remind us of their great tactics against the orcs and the Red Legion. ...
Aneus: So that was the story of Carlin and the Fields of Glory. I hope you liked it. <smiles>
Player: bye
Aneus: Good bye and take care of yourself!
Aneus: Good bye and take care!
