Player: hi
Mortimer: Greetings, what can I do for you?
Player: job
Mortimer: I am the local representative of the explorer society.
Player: explorer society
Mortimer: Our noble society is dedicated to exploring the unknown. No location is too remote for our members to travel there ...
Mortimer: No beast is too wild to be hunted. No treasure buried too deep to be unearthed ...
Mortimer: Only the most dedicated and fearless adventurers may join our ranks.
Player: join
Mortimer: But you are already a member, Player.
Player: missions
Mortimer: There are no new missions available right now.
Player: base
Mortimer: Currently we maintain public bases in Port Hope and Northport.
Player: portals
Mortimer: The portals should be ready to be used now. If you have an orichalcum pearl with you, enter the portal.
Player: orichalcum
Mortimer: Do you want to buy an orichalcum pearl for 80 gold?
Player: no
Mortimer: Is there anything else I can do for you?
Player: yes
Mortimer: Here, use it wisely.
Player: ratha
Mortimer: Ratha was a great explorer and even greater ladies' man. Thank you for returning his remains.
Player: giant smith hammer
Mortimer: The explorer society was looking for a genuine giant smith hammer until you brought us one. Thank you again.
Player: scroll lizard / parchment
Mortimer: The examination of scrolls with lizard writings is a valuable source of information. We buy such scrolls for 500 gold. Are you interested to sell one?
Player: no
Mortimer: If you ever aquire a parchment with lizard writings, bring it here.
Player: yes
Mortimer: Thank you in the name of science.
Player: atlas
Mortimer: Do you want to buy an atlas for 150 gold?
Player: botanists container
Mortimer: Do you want to buy a botanist container for 500 gold?
Player: preparation kit
Mortimer: Do you want to buy a preparation kit for 250 gold?
Player: crown backpack
Mortimer: Do you want to buy a crown backpack for 800 gold?
Player: ectoplasm container
Mortimer: Do you want to buy an ectoplasm container for 750 gold?
Player: no
Mortimer: Is there anything else I can do for you?
Player: yes
Mortimer: Here, better not lose it.
Player: bye
Mortimer: Good bye.
Player: (vanish)
Mortimer: How rude!