Player: hi
Dedoras: Greetings, seeker of knowledge. You seem to be just the person I'm looking for.
Player: job
Dedoras: I was with the Inquisition for many years, until I left to pursue my own agendas.
Player: agendas
Dedoras: Due to my work in the inquisition, I acquired much knowledge of things from 'behind the scenes', so to say. ...
Dedoras: I begun to investigate threats that were more subtle and hidden than those the inquisition usually handled with their more direct approach. ...
Dedoras: This lead me to some curious cases that required more secretive approaches and provided me with insights, informants and contacts beyond of those I handled before. ...
Dedoras: Soon I begun working behind the scenes too and, with the help of some adventurers, managed to avert some threats to the world no one even knew existed. ...
Dedoras: In the line of that duty I acquired information about a new imminent threat, that has to be stopped.
Player: looking
Dedoras: I need the help of some competent adventurers to handle a threat to all creation.
Player: adventurers
Dedoras: Of course the first to ask would be the famous Avar Tar, but I heard he's already on a quest of his own and ...
Dedoras: Well, let's say our last collaboration did not end too well. In fact, I'd be not even surprised if he pretended to not even know me. ...
Dedoras: So I have to look elsewhere to handle this new threat.
Player: threat
Dedoras: I guess you know about the background and there is no need to tell you that the forces from beyond managed to acquire the parts of the godbreaker in a coup.
Player: background
Dedoras: The godbreaker was created in ancient times, when the war between the gods and their minions was on its height. Its creation took aeons and incredible sacrifices. ...
Dedoras: Each part had to be crafted perfectly, to emulate the gods, so it would share 'the same place' with them. ...
Dedoras: Mere mortals can not even perceive it in his whole but only recognize the part of it that is the physical representation in our world. ...
Dedoras: If it was meant to be used as an actual weapon, as the ultimate threat, or if Zathroth was just tempted to use his knowledge in the ultimate way - to create something that could undo himself - we don't know. ...
Dedoras: However in the end even Zathroth deemed it too much of a threat but instead of destroying the contraption once and for all, it was disassembled and hidden away.
Player: disassembled
Dedoras: The secret locations of the godbreaker parts were revealed and due to trickery, the minions of Variphor acquired all of them.
Player: parts
Dedoras: The parts alone do them no good. To assemble the parts, great skill, immense power and forbidden knowledge are necessary. ...
Dedoras: The skill will be supplied by the fallen Yalahari and the power by Variphor itself. ...
Dedoras: The only thing they are still lacking is the knowledge to assemble and operate the godbreaker.
Player: godbreaker
Dedoras: The godbreaker is a complex artifact. Incantation woven into incantation. The powers bound into it are so immense that the slightest mishandling could prove disastrous. ...
Dedoras: To figure out how it works, let alone how it can be operated safely, could require several centuries of tireless study. And even then this information would be only partial. ...
Dedoras: Yet the creation and operation of the godbreaker is just the kind of forbidden knowledge Zathroth values most, so it was compiled and stored.
Player: knowledge
Dedoras: Of course the dangers of such knowledge were obvious. It was hidden in a sacred place devoted to Zathroth and dangerous knowledge. ...
Dedoras: The hidden library, the forbidden hoard, the shrouded trove of knowledge or the veiled hoard of forbidden knowledge, the place has many names in many myths.
Player: myths
Dedoras: The myths agree that the place is well hidden, extremely guarded and contains some of the most powerful pieces of knowledge in this world and probably beyond. ...
Dedoras: However the knowledge about the godbreaker now poses a threat to all existence. In the hands of Variphor it can cause disaster in previously unknown ways. The gods themselves are in peril.
Player: peril
Dedoras: Regardless of the dangers, the cult of Zathroth refused to destroy the knowledge of the godbreaker for good. ...
Dedoras: They value dangerous knowledge that much, that they are unable to part from it, even when faced with the utter destruction of creation.
Player: value
Dedoras: This leaves us with no choice but to take action into our own hands.
Player: hands
Dedoras: You have to find the veiled hoard of Zathroth, breach it and destroy the knowledge how to use the godbreaker.
Player: find
Dedoras: I know it's asked much but it's no longer a matter of choice. ...
Dedoras: The enemy is moving and I have reports that suggest the minions of Variphor are actively searching for Zathroth's library. They must not be allowed to succeed. ...
Dedoras: We must be the first to reach the hoard and make sure the enemy doesn't get the information he needs.
Player: reach
Dedoras: I'd recommend to follow the few leads me and my associates could gather so far. ...
Dedoras: Old myths, some rumours about old texts and other pieces of knowledge that I could use to figure out where to locate the hidden library and how to enter it.
Player: associates
Dedoras: My associates prefer to remain unnamed and I understand and respect that.
Player: rumours
Dedoras: Hints about the shrouded hoard are numerous, though most are general mentions in texts that deal with Zathroth. But there are other sources. ...
Dedoras: Like texts about ancient liturgies of Zathroth and historical documents that might give us clues. I already compiled everything of value from the sources that were openly available. ...
Dedoras: To gather the more obscure parts of knowledge, however, I'll need your help.
Player: obscure
Dedoras: Those pieces of knowledge come in several forms and shapes. For most I can give you more or less specific hints where to start your search.
Player: search
Dedoras: I gathered some lore on my own, but I desperately need more information that you might provide me. ...
Dedoras: My leads are the museum in Thais, something strange in the Darashian desert, rumours about fishmen, an ancient order, the mysterious asuri, or a lost isle?
Player: museum
Dedoras: I have heard that it was recently planned to expand the Museum of Tibian Arts. In the course of these activities unexpected difficulties occurred.
Player: desert
Dedoras: There are rumours of a mysterious statue in the desert next to Darashia. Nobody really knows the meaning of it.
Player: fishmen
Dedoras: Sightings of strange fishmen in Tiquanda are stirring up the region. You should be careful when investigating this. ...
Dedoras: As far as I know a scholar in Edron already dealt with fish-like creatures before.
Player: order
Dedoras: Our world has seen many noble knights and orders throughout the centuries. Most of them vanished a long time ago but only few under such mysterious circumstances as the Order of the Falcon. ...
Dedoras: This noble alliance of honourable knights once resided in Edron to serve the king. Legend has it they vanished practically over night. rumour has it their disappearance is connected to a forbidden book.
Player: asuri
Dedoras: There's a beautiful but very dangerous palace in the Tiquandan jungle. The young women who live there are actually demons and they are luring unsuspecting mortals in there. ...
Dedoras: A lucky survivor told me about a magical mirror on the ground floor of the palace that may lead to another asuri hideout.
Player: isle
Dedoras: Talk to Captain Charles in Port Hope. He told me that he once ran ashore on a small island where he discovered a small ruin. The architecture was like nothing he had seen before.
Player: museum / desert / fishmen / order / asuri / isle (before mission)
Dedoras: I'm sorry. You seem to not own the required information yet.
Player: museum / desert / fishmen / order / asuri / isle (after mission)
Dedoras: Excellent. The very definition of knowledge forbidden for a reason. This will help us very much!
Player: god
Dedoras: I'm a follower of Uman, the god of knowledge and wisdom. I'm part of a circle of people who are aware of the threat to our world caused by the entity Variphor. ...
Dedoras: We try our best to shield ourselves while watching the steps of the enemy of all things. Even we do not fully grasp it's non-existence. Nor should we try to do so.
Player: uman
Dedoras: We don't ask Uman for guidance but for wisdom. It is up to ourselves to find solutions and to use our knowledge appropriately.
Player: variphor
Dedoras: The concept of Variphor is extremely hard to comprehend. It's the contradiction that gives birth to a mockery of purpose. It is the antithesis to existence. ...
Dedoras: More than nonexistence. Or less, so to say. However, that thing has no sentience in a way we know. It has no plans, no purpose yet it somehow moves and feeds upon our world. ...
Dedoras: His puppets, the tainted like the Yalahari, are a mere conduit. Their collective existence gives the un-thing a mockery of perception in a mind-wracking way. ...
Dedoras: Other than that, the thing from beyond just reacts to our plane of existence. Although it knows no rules and is not bound by any, in contact with our plane this somehow changed in a twisted way. ...
Dedoras: That what has no purpose, now has a purpose at the same time. This dichotomy rips logic apart and is what actually makes it happen. Contradiction creates its anchor.
Player: purpose
Dedoras: Right now the un-thing is occupied with worming its way into our world and its grasp is already tight. So its name alone has lost some of its taint right now. ...
Dedoras: It's still advised to use the name sparsely as things might change fast.
Player: change
Dedoras: In the past, giving it a name made it more tangible, dragged it a little more into our world and even worse, into the mind of those who used that name or definition. ...
Dedoras: By thinking about it, 'it', which knew no existence at all, became a bit more existent in the minds of those who knew about it. This concentration poisoned the minds it occupied. ...
Dedoras: It's not that something actually enslaved them, but they changed, became less a part of existence and more like that un-thing, more part of it. ...
Dedoras: Even worse, being contradictions themselves, they became the fuel this thing needed to breach our world. ...
Dedoras: We guess the vanishing of the Yalahari, who came to know of the un-thing out there only to reappear in the present centuries later, hints they were absorbed or annihilated by Variphor and what we now see are projections or recreations of some sorts. ...
Dedoras: Something that was devoured and reborn as part of Variphor in some way.
Player: hi
Dedoras: Greetings friend. I hope you made some progress in your quest.
Player: progress
Dedoras: About what of your missions do you want to report? The museum, the darashian desert, the rumours about strange fishmen, the ancient order, the mysterious asuri, or the lost isle? ...
Dedoras: Or shall we check how much information we acquired?
Player: check
Dedoras: Sadly, we have not enough information to pinpoint the library and figure out how to enter it.
Player: check
Dedoras: Marvellous! With this information combined we have all that's needed! ...
Dedoras: So let me see. ...
Dedoras: Hmm, interesting. And we shouldn't forget about the chant! Yes, excellent! ...
Dedoras: So listen: To enter the veiled library, travel to the white raven monastery on the Isle of Kings and enter its main altar room. ...
Dedoras: There, use an ordinary scythe on the right of the two monuments, while concentrating on this glyph here and chant the words: Chamek Athra Thull Zathroth ...
Dedoras: Oh, and one other thing. For your efforts I want to reward you with one of my old outfits, back from my adventuring days. May it suit you well! ...
Dedoras: Hurry now my friend. Time is of essence!
Player: check
Dedoras: As I told you: To enter the veiled library, travel to the white raven monastery on the Isle of Kings and enter its main altar room. ...
Dedoras: There, use an ordinary scythe on the right of the two monuments, while concentrating on this glyph here and chant the words: Chamek Athra Thull Zathroth ...
Dedoras: Hurry now my friend. Time is of essence!
Player: Addon
Dedoras: Are you interested in one or two addons to your battle mage outfit?
Player: Yes
Dedoras: I provide two addons. For the first one I need you to bring me five sturdy books. For the second addon you need twenty epaulettes. Do you want one of these addons?
Player: Yes
Dedoras: What do you have for me: the sturdy books or the epaulettes?
Player: Book
Dedoras: Very good! You gained the first addon to the battle mage outfit.
Player: Epaulette
Dedoras: Very good! You gained the second addon to the battle mage outfit.
Player: bye
Dedoras: Good bye, friend.
Player: (vanish)
Dedoras: Take care, friend.