Player: hi
Pemaret: Greetings, young (man / lady). Looking for a passage or some fish, Player?
Player: name
Pemaret: My name is Pemaret, the fisherman.
Player: job
Pemaret: I'm a fisherman and I take along people to Edron. You can also buy some fresh fish.
Player: fish
Pemaret: My fish is of the finest quality you could find. Ask me for a trade to check for yourself.
Player: shimmer swimmer
Pemaret: Now that's a special one. Where did you hear about it? I would be interested, you know... Well, this fish is extremely rare and cannot be found in normal, clean freshwater. ...
Pemaret: If you want to catch one, you will have to look for a really dirty lake. If you were able to catch one however, this would be a very versatile haul. ...
Pemaret: It is said that, in combination with certain magical or non-magical items, this fish somehow... changes his looks and gains a completely new purpose. I heard of someone making a weapon out of it! ...
Pemaret: Hey, don't look at me like that. It... it's just a tale what do I know. ...
Pemaret: Anyway, I heard of people using flintstones, the hair and wax of strange creatures I never saw before, an eye of a foreign sea beast and some kind of old, broken ring.
Player: marlin
Pemaret: How did you know?? I love marlins, they're just so... beautiful. If you bring me one, I can make something nice from it.
Player: marlin
Pemaret: WOW! You have a marlin!! I could make a nice decoration for your wall from it. May I have it?
Player: no
Pemaret: Maybe later. You won't regret it!
Player: yes
Pemaret: Yeah! Now let's see... <fumble fumble> There you go, I hope you like it!
Player: food
Pemaret: Oh, I only sell fish. If you're hungry, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Pemaret: Look at my fish as long as you like.
Player: tibia / sea
Pemaret: I love to sail on the seas of Tibia.
Player: cormaya / isle
Pemaret: It's a lovely and peaceful isle. Did you already visit the nice sandy beach?
Player: beach
Pemaret: There is a nice sandy beach in the west of Cormaya.
Player: ship / boat / passage
Pemaret: My boat is ready to bring you to Edron.
Player: Edron
Pemaret: Do you want to get to Edron for 10 gold?
Player: eremo / sage
Pemaret: Oh, you know the good old sage Eremo. I can bring you to his little island. Do you want me to do that?
Player: kick
Pemaret: Begone!
Player: bye
Pemaret: Good bye, Player. You are welcome.