Player: hi  
Captain Haba: You found the spot Player!! Grab yourself a helmet of the deep and go explore the caves down there.(on sea)  
Captain Haba: Harrr, landlubber wha'd ya want? Askin' for a passage?( on Svargrond)  
Player: caves  
Captain Haba: I'd go by myself and tear that beast's heart out if I were younger. I hope ya can do that for me. Now go and good luck to ya!  
Player: name  
Captain Haba: My name is Haba, Captain Haba for ya little worm.  
Player: pirate  
Captain Haba: I ain't no pirate. Don't let yourself mislead by my pirate hat. I got it from a friend of mine.  
Player: friend  
Captain Haba: Most o' my friends are dead the others don't like me anymore......well, seems there aren't many left.  
Player: yeti / chakoya  
Captain Haba: What fo' godsake shall that be??  
Player: barbarian  
Captain Haba: Who are ya calling a barbarian?!? Watch your tongue here on board or you end up as fish fodder!  
Player: god / svargrond / back  
Captain Haba: Already got enough, huh? I kind o' expected that, landlubber! Let's head for Svargrond! Ready?  
Player: wares / go  
Captain Haba: Ya're a coward, aren't ya? Prove that I'm wrong and get your lazy bones up to the lookout!!  
Player: passage / trip  
Captain Haba: Y' already wanna give up?? I should've known. I bring ya back to Svargrond, 'kay?  
Player: port hope / liberty bay / edron / ab'dendriel / darashia / ankrahmun / issavi / kazordoon / krailos / rathleton / roshamuul  
Captain Haba: Dis is no passenger ship it's a WARship. I'm on hunting business.  
Player: ferumbras  
Captain Haba: Never heard of him. He is no captain that's for sure, otherwise I'd know him. I was on the sea for the last 20 years hunting this, this monster.  
Player: monster / beast / sea serpent  
Captain Haba: Yee, I've been chasing that monster for over 20 years now. I promise I'll bring it down!  
Player: rum  
Captain Haba: It lets me forget the long years, the lost years. The years I was chasing after THAT monster, the sea serpent.  
Player: hunt  
Captain Haba: Y' already wanna give up?? I should've known. I bring ya back to Svargrond, 'kay?  
Player: job  
Captain Haba: Ye, I command 'is ship!  
Player: ship  
Captain Haba: Our last ship has been destroyed by the most evil creature of the ocean: the sea serpent. To continue our hunt, I've bought this ship here.  
Player: bonelord  
Captain Haba: Never seen one.  
Player: banor / uman / zathroth  
Captain Haba: I'm faithful - I'll catch that monster one day. Yes I will, as sure as my name is Captain Haba!!  
Player: queen  
Captain Haba: On the high seas there is no queen. At least I didn't see her yet. Hararar!  
Player: king  
Captain Haba: On the high seas there is no king. At least I didn't see him yet. Hararar!  
Player: body  
Captain Haba: Arms, legs, head, whatever. I got injuries on almost every part of my body!  
Player: buy / shop / sell  
Captain Haba: This is no shop boy, this is a warship!  
Player: camp / grimlund / nibelor / tyrusng / okolnir  
Captain Haba: We aren't even near that location! Wanna swim? Harharhar!  
Player: druid  
Captain Haba: I know Marvik in Thais. He once helped me with a furuncle I had on my ...ahh, doesn't matter. He's a nice gran'pa, though!  
Player: enemies  
Captain Haba: My worst enemy is a huge sea serpent. I dunno when I started to follow it's trail. I'll kill it and if it's the last thing I'll do, I'll kill it!  
Player: farmine  
Captain Haba: Dis is no passenger ship it's a WARship. I'm on hunting business.  
Player: instructions  
Captain Haba: A'right, first of all you need a bait which isn't for free, though. I sell them for 50 gold each. Use the bait on the crane over there when you see something in the telescope. ...  
Captain Haba: Then go up to the lookout and check the telescope for a sight of the sea serpent. ...  
Captain Haba: If you see it in front of ya, get down at once. And what d'ya gonna say to me?  
Player: random word  
Captain Haba: Harharhar, landlubber, no no!! The correct command would be STRAIGHT. Remember that! Next, what you gonna say when you see something to the left?  
Player : random word  
Captain Haba: Harharhar, landlubber, ya got it all wrong!! The correct command would be LARBOARD side. Don't forget that, 'kay? Last one, what you gonna say to me when ya see somethin' to the right?  
Player: random word  
Captain Haba: Ya gotta learn a lot! The correct command would be STARBOARD side. ...  
Captain Haba: After you told me about the direction, put a bait on the crane again and go up to the lookout! That would be all sailor, let's go hunt down the sea serpent!!  
Player: leader  
Captain Haba: This is a ship and the captain is some kind o' leader, isn't he? <mumbles>..stupid..landlubber.  
Player: raiders  
Captain Haba: What fo' godsake shall that be??  
Player: shaman  
Captain Haba: Seems that they are some sort o' druids fo' the Norseman.  
Player: story  
Captain Haba: I'm full of stories mate! Name a body part and I tell you the story what happened to it!  
Player: bait  
Captain Haba: Just ask me for a trade if you need a bait.  
Player: trade  
Captain Haba: Here ya go! Use it on the crane when you see the monster. Then refill it every time you use the telescope.  
Player: test  
Captain Haba: I can give ya a challenge to test if ya have the guts to be a real sailor. Go up to the lookout and remain there for 24 hours during a storm! Harharhar!  
Player: victory  
Captain Haba: My worst enemy is a huge sea serpent. I dunno when I started to follow it's trail. I'll kill it and if it's the last thing I'll do, I'll kill it!  
Player: svargrond  
Captain Haba: Already got enough, huh? I kind o' expected that, landlubber! Let's head for Svargrond! Ready?  
Player: yes  
Captain Haba: See ya, landlubber!  
Player: Barbarian Test
Captain Haba: Har, test! I can give ya a mission if you want to. Name it as ya want, it's the result that counts.
Player: bye  
Captain Haba: Bye.  
