Player: (idle)
Dankwart: Come to my tavern if you're hungry or thirsty, traveller.
Dankwart: You'll never taste such fine mead and tea like here in this tavern.
Player: hi
Dankwart: Hi there and welcome to my tavern. Have a drink.
Player: how are you
Dankwart: I am fine, thank you.
Player: name
Dankwart: I am Dankwart. A rather unusual name at this place but my ancestors came here from Carlin.
Player: job / tavern
Dankwart: I am a tavern keeper. Well at least you would call it like that. Actually I am just responsible for the common hall. Maybe you are interested in what I offer.
Player: offer
Dankwart: I can offer you bread, cheese, ham, or meat as well as drinks. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: drinks
Dankwart: Are you looking for a drink? I have tea and hot mead. Our mead is a little less stronger than the original barbarian mead though, else we'd have a bunch of tourists pass out here each day.
Player: trade
Dankwart: Take a good look, but not too deep into the glasses.
Player: sell
Dankwart: I sell the usual food like bread, cheese, ham and meat. If you are thirsty I can offer you mead or tea.
Player: tea / mead
Dankwart: Yes, just ask me for a trade.
Player: news
Dankwart: I assume our town gossip would only bore a traveller like you.
Player: shamans
Dankwart: They are spiritual guides and seers.
Player: druids
Dankwart: The druids are still working on intensifying the bonds with the shamans.
Player: raiders
Dankwart: They are nothing more than mislead people. It's a sad thing that they became that hostile to Svargrond.
Player: barbarian
Dankwart: The barbarians are not as bad as foreigners might think. It is mainly the bad behaviour of the raiders that cause their bad reputation.
Player: yeti
Dankwart: I don't know if they are real or just some figure of tavern tales.
Player: bonelord
Dankwart: I've heard about such beasts in the tales my grandfather used to tell.
Player: chakoya
Dankwart: The chakoyas are a true threat. Luckily, they are not too many and they rarely dare to come close to Svargrond.
Player: dragons
Dankwart: There are travellers who will assure you that some dragons exist here in this cold climate. Some even claim that an own breed of ice dragons lives on these isles.
Player: elf
Dankwart: We rarely see an elf here.
Player: dwarf
Dankwart: The dwarfs that came here were able to drink like a true barbarian.
Player: monster
Dankwart: There are enough monsters of diverse kinds here to be a challenge for everyone.
Player: enemies
Dankwart: I am a man of peace, better talk to the jarl about such things.
Player: venore
Dankwart: Venore will surely try to hinder Carlin in any way.
Player: carlin
Dankwart: Carlin will probably put more efforts into improving relations with Svargrond soon.
Player: thais
Dankwart: Thais has little interest in this area.
Player: svargrond
Dankwart: The town is somewhat rough but it has its charms.
Player: port hope
Dankwart: I've only heard about that city.
Player: edron
Dankwart: Edron must be wonderful and idyllic.
Player: nibelor
Dankwart: Most of the shamans live on the isle Nibelor.
Player: camps
Dankwart: The raiders are nomads, but they have at least three camps somewhere in the South.
Player: Barbarian Test / join / honourary
Dankwart: If you want to become an honourary barbarian better ask Sven the Younger about it.
Player: leader
Dankwart: Sven the Younger is our leader here.
Player: jarl
Dankwart: The jarl is a wise man.
Player: king
Dankwart: The king probably laughs about Carlin's failure here.
Player: queen
Dankwart: The queen should really spend more resources on the Svargrond operations.
Player: cult
Dankwart: Several people passed our city. They were quite reclusive. It seemed as if others followed them even without passing our city at all ...
Dankwart: I am not sure if they belonged to some sort of cult but they behaved more than suspiciously.
Player: mines
Dankwart: The mines were lost many years ago. I doubt that we get them back any time soon.
Player: everspring
Dankwart: That is the place of afterlife. Shamans can tell you more about it.
Player: chyll
Dankwart: My family converted to the faith of the barbarians to some extent. If you live here long enough, you know from the north wind that there is some force at work here.
Player: years of the serpents
Dankwart: They were the reason that my people stranded here. However, my ancestors were not too sorry about it and adapted quite well.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Dankwart: I learned only little about the gods.
Player: ferumbras
Dankwart: Some regulars shared stories about this evil sorcerer. It is said that he resurfaced somewhere in the South.
Player: excalibug
Dankwart: That is some mighty weapon that got lost in a war or so.
Player: bye
Dankwart: Good bye.
