Player: hi
Eirik: LONG LIVE JARL SVEN, THE YOUNGER!
Player: how are you
Eirik: I am healthy and vigilant. Always ready to make some raiders one head smaller.
Player: name
Eirik: I AM A BARBARIAN! Names are of no concern during work!! If somebody is calling for help, I will come.
Player: job
Eirik: It's my duty to protect Svargrond and its citizens.
Player: news
Eirik: I am busy. Please ask the citizens for news.
Player: rumour
Eirik: I have no time to natter. Ask the citizens for rumours.
Player: mission / quest
Eirik: Iskan told me that he has trouble with one of his dogs. I think he could need some help.
Player: guard
Eirik: I am a guard and proud to be a barbarian.
Player: castle
Eirik: You mean Frost Manor? It is the guildhall on top of the cliff.
Player: graveyard
Eirik: The sea is our graveyard! Our last journey to Everspring.
Player: sewers
Eirik: We don't have sewers here in Svargrond. Some Carliners told me about that invention. Sounds expedient.
Player: rebellion
Eirik: Who is up for a rebellion? Surely no one here in Svargrond.
Player: resistance
Eirik: The raiders attack us regularly but with that strategical good position of the city it is easy to hold them off.
Player: scum
Eirik: We will get rid of all that raider scum.
Player: haunted / undead
Eirik: Some people say that Helheim is a haunted place because there is a rock that looks like a skull. Just a tale to scare kids if you ask me.
Player: demon
Eirik: We have tales about dark, evil creatures that can kill dozens of brave warriors in a blink of an eye. I'm glad that these are only tales.
Player: tales
Eirik: Once upon a time there was ..... WHO DO YOU THINK I AM! GO TO YOUR GRANDMOTHER FOR SUCH THINGS!! (idle)
Player: captain
Eirik: Let me think......where could a captain be??? Think twice before you ask me silly questions!!! (idle)
Player: barbara
Eirik: Is that a name?? Maybe it originates from 'barbarian'. I have to think about that... bye! (idle)
Player: noise
Eirik: You heard something?? ALARM, RAIDER ATTACK!! (idle)
Player: breasts / busty
Eirik: NOT ME! With that thick fur clothes we are wearing, it is not easy to see... er... female characteristics.
Player: green ferrets
Eirik: Never heard of it. Is this some kind of a tree?
Player: (swear)
Eirik: Take this!
Player: army
Eirik: Good idea, how many people do we need for an army? Maybe you can recruit a few hundreds of your friends? *GIGGLE*
Player: husky / dog
Eirik: The huskies here at Svargrond are allowed to roam as they like. ...
Eirik: If they irritate you, hit them and they will run away. But be careful not to kill them if you don't want to get in trouble.
Player: mammoth
Eirik: Great animals and very tasty.
Player: seals
Eirik: You find them all around the Ice Islands. These damn Venorians hunt them with no mercy. I heard that Siflind wanted to do something against that.
Player: penguin
Eirik: Weird animals. Half fish half bird. They are all around here.
Player: ice golem
Eirik: Let me tell you something. There are so many dangers around here that a wandering ice block couldn't scare me.
Player: frost giants
Eirik: Big, stupid, dangerous and they live on Tyrsung. Nothing more to say about them.
Player: chakoya
Eirik: These chakoyas are nasty little creatures. Not very dangerous for an ambitious fighter but still nasty.
Player: dragons
Eirik: A special kind of them lives on Okolnir, the frost dragons. They adapted well to the cold conditions here.
Player: geyser
Eirik: I heard about that phenomenon. It's a pity that you can only find them on Okolnir. As this is the home of the frost dragons, it would be suicide to go there.
Player: zora / baltim
Eirik: Never heard that name.
Player: nor
Eirik: Mhmmm, Nor? Nobody with that name lives here in Svargrond. Maybe he is one of the southerners that came here.
Player: hjaern
Eirik: It's a sacred place for us! Our shamans live there. Ask Iskan if you want to go there.
Player: bertha
Eirik: She trades with general goods. You can find her in her shop near the harbour.
Player: nilsor
Eirik: He is one of our shamans that live on Nibelor.
Player: dankwart
Eirik: He is the keeper of our Tavern. No need to explain where you find him.
Player: hawkyr
Eirik: He is the paladin trainer. You find him near the arena.
Player: iskan
Eirik: He is the leader of the dog sled. Last time I saw him he was with his dogs on the shelf ice north of the harbour.
Player: jessica
Eirik: She is the leader of the Carlin traders. She spends most of her time in the jewellery store which is also the bank of Svargrond. You find it south of the road between the harbour and the depot.
Player: kjesse
Eirik: You can find him at the temple to the west. He is the shaman of Svargrond.
Player: lurik
Eirik: He is the representative of the explorer's society here in Svargrond. You find him south of the road between the harbour and the depot.
Player: nelly
Eirik: She is the post office clerk. Follow the moaning and you will find her.
Player: robert
Eirik: HAA, he thinks his weapons are the best!! Too weak to hold a real barbarian axe! You find him near the arena.
Player: romir
Eirik: He is an old hermit who lives in a hut on the elevated plain north of Svargrond . He is some kind of male witch, you know what I mean? ...
Eirik: He knows magic and all that. Maybe he teaches his knowledge to others.
Player: thorwulf
Eirik: He is the trainer for knights. You find him near the arena.
Player: siflind
Eirik: Ohh, old mother Siflind! She is a lovely shaman. You find her on Nibelor.
Player: romir
Eirik: He is an old hermit who lives in a hut on the elevated plain north of Svargrond . He is some kind of male witch, you know what I mean? ...
Eirik: He knows magic and all that. Maybe he teaches his knowledge to others.
Player: raiders
Eirik: In fact they are also barbarians. The difference is that WE are civilised and THEY are not!
Player: elf
Eirik: Too weak to hold a real weapon and too soft for the climate here. I've never seen one.
Player: dwarf
Eirik: How can somebody of that size drink that much?? I met a dwarf once but my memory of this evening is a little bit clouded.
Player: svargrond
Eirik: Svargrond is the only city here. Do you want to know where to find a shop, a trainer for a profession or a guildhall?
Player: hrodmir
Eirik: This big, icy rock you're standing at right now. The raiders live in the middle and south of the big Formorgar glacier.
Player: formorgar
Eirik: There are valuable ores in the mines under the Formorgar glacier. But nobody who has ever tried to gather some has ever come back. I have no clue what's going on down there.
Player: ice shelf
Eirik: West of Svargrond is the Fimbul Ice Shelf, Nibelor and Grimlund are embedded in shelf ice, and in the north of Hrodmir are several small shelf ice fields.
Player: fimbul
Eirik: Fimbul Shelf is the name of the big shelf ice west of Svargrond. A good spot to go ice fishing.
Player: Grimlund
Eirik: Stay away from there! It's the home of the chakoyas.
Player: nibelor
Eirik: It's a sacred place for us! Our shamans live there. Ask Iskan if you want to go there.
Player: tyrsung
Eirik: That is the big island east of Hrodmir. Venorian hunters settled there ..... or maybe they got eaten up by the frost giants.
Player: okolnir
Eirik: The third biggest island of all Ice Islands. Home of the frost dragons. Give me your money if you want to go there, you won't need it afterwards.
Player: helheim
Eirik: A small island north east of Tyrsung. Nothing important there. Maybe one of the fishermen can bring you there if you like to go.
Player: camps
Eirik: The raider camps are south of Hrodmir. The tribe to the east lives in a glacier cave. They call their settlement Ragnir. ...
Eirik: The most southern camp is called Krimhorn and the raider caves to the west are called Bittermor.
Player: join / barbarian
Eirik: Go find Sven our jarl if you want to join our community. At this time he should be at the tavern. Follow the main road to the west and at the furrier quarter turn south.
Player: jarl / leader
Eirik: Our leader is Jarl Sven the Younger! You find him in the tavern west of the city.
Player: sven
Eirik: Sven the Younger is our jarl. At this time he should be at the tavern. Follow the main road to the west and at the furrier quarter turn south.
Player: city
Eirik: Svargrond is the only city here. Do you want to know where to find a shop, a trainer for a profession or a guildhall?
Player: guild / trainer
Eirik: The guild masters for paladins and knights are at the arena, the shamans on Nibelor surely can teach druids new things ...
Eirik: and Romir the old hermit who lives in a cave north of Svargrond may have some knowledge concerning magic.
Player: guildhall
Eirik: In the city you will find three guildhalls. Frost Manor is on top of the cliff ...
Eirik: Crystal Glance is north of the depot at the street which leads to the arena and Mammoth Belly is to the south, near the furrier quarter.
Player: queen
Eirik: Who?
Player: cult
Eirik: Let me think .......... Yes there have been a bunch of strange looking guys passing Svargrond and heading for the old mines. It somehow reminded me of a cult.
Player: mines
Eirik: There are valuable ores in the mines under the Formorgar glacier. But nobody who has ever tried to gather some has ever come back. I have no clue what's going on down there.
Player: everspring
Eirik: The happy hunting grounds are left for the afterlife. Ask the shamans if you want to know more about it.
Player: years of the serpents
Eirik: All of a sudden the years of the serpents ended. I am glad that we regained the contact with the rest of Tibia. ...
Eirik: Still, if you are very attentive, you may see a sea serpent. Not all of them have disappeared.
Player: uman / banor
Eirik: I only know Chyll, the cold north wind, the father of frost.
Player: ferumbras
Eirik: Wait, wait! Don't say a word, it's, it's ...
Eirik: that very small guy with the hairy feet? No?
Player: excalibug
Eirik: I would love to have that legendary weapon. If you find it, bring it to me!
Player: arena
Eirik: If you think you are strong enough, then try to fight there. You have to challenge waves of monsters that get stronger and stronger. ...
Eirik: The entrance to the arena is a stairway north of the town, left of the town gate.
Player: shops
Eirik: Near the harbour you find the equipment shop, the branch of the explorer's society as well as the post office and the bank. ...
Eirik: Right-hand of the depot, which is in the centre of Svargrond, you find the furniture store ...
Eirik: All weapon and armor traders linger at the arena in the North and the tavern is to the west.
Player: post / jewellery
Eirik: The post office is next to the jewellery store. It is on the main road near the harbour.
Player: tavern
Eirik: Follow the main road to the west and at the furrier quarter turn south. It is the big fur tent in the west. You can't miss it.
Player: depot
Eirik: The depot is in the centre of Svargrond. No way to miss it.
Player: sled
Eirik: You can ask Iskan to bring you with his dog sled to Nibelor.
Player: weapon / armor
Eirik: You can find the weapon and armor shops at the arena to the north. Talk to Robert.
Player: fluids / runes / magic
Eirik: I heard Nelly talking about runes and fluids. Ask her.
Player: spells
Eirik: That is a little too general. For what kind of profession do you need spells?
Player: knight
Eirik: You have to look for Thorwulf.
Player: druid
Eirik: You have to look for Hjaern.
Player: paladin
Eirik: You have to look for Hawkyr.
Player: sorcerer
Eirik: You have to look for Romir.
Player: bye
Eirik: MAY YOUR WEAPON ALWAYS BE SHARP!
