Player: hi (after completing Warlord arena)
Halvar: HAIL to the Warlord of the arena, Player! Hero of Svargrond!
Player: job
Halvar: My job is to explain about the rules and to get the fee from the competitors.
Player: (any common svargrond keyword)
Halvar: I have no time to talk and you should FIGHT instead of wasting your time here!
Player: greenhorn
Halvar: That is the easiest way in our arena. The fee is 1000 gold. We were setting this up for of our children to challenge some easy monsters and train them for the future.
Player: scrapper
Halvar: The most common difficulty for us. The fee is 5000 gold. So if you are experienced in fighting middle class monsters this is your challenge!
Player: warlord
Halvar: Only the strongest among us will take this challenge. The fee is 10000 gold. If you pass that I promise you the respect of all citizens here. You will be a hero!
Player: rules
Halvar: What do you want to know? Something about the three different difficulties, the general rules or the prices? Maybe you also want to know what happens when you die?
Player: difficulties
Halvar: There are three difficulties: Greenhorn, Scrapper and Warlord. On each challenge you will be confronted with ten monsters increasing in strength. ...
Halvar: Besides the glory and honour you will earn we have unique awards for those who manage to pass the arena completely.
Player: general
Halvar: First you pay me the participation fee according to the difficulty you choose. This will grant you access to the door near me. ...
Halvar: In the next room there you will find three teleporters. They all lead to the first pit, which you can enter as soon as there is no battle going on there anymore. ...
Halvar: Beware though - when you enter the pit there is no turning back and the fight will start immediately! ...
Halvar: Should you notice that you have overestimated your abilities, you can run for your life and flee through the teleporter to the south of the pit. ...
Halvar: However, no real barbarian would run from a fight, right? When you successfully killed your opponent, a teleporter will appear to the west that brings you to the next pit. ...
Halvar: If there is still a fight going on in the pit you would proceed to, there will be a red shrine stone placed instead. ...
Halvar: As soon as the warrior in the next pit leaves the area, the red shrine stone will change into a teleporter. ...
Halvar: However if that warrior died, you have to walk in front of the red shrine stone to create a teleporter. ...
Halvar: There is a time limit of six to seven minutes to finish each pit. When the flame of life in the upper left corner is starting to wane, you have exactly one minute left to proceed to the next room. ...
Halvar: If you take longer to kill the monster and leave the room you will be kicked out dishonourably.
Player: prices
Halvar: The fee depends on the difficulty you choose. If you are a Greenhorn you have to pay 1000 gold, as a Scrapper you have to pay 5000 gold and as a Warlord the participation fee is 10000 gold. ...
Halvar: Each competitor who manages to win all ten pits will win the arena goblet and an unique item appropriate to your difficulty level.
Player: die
Halvar: It would be better not to die! In every pit there is an emergency exit to the south. If you die in a pit... well... your corpse and backpack are gone, so enter at your own risk.
Player: rings / amulets / fluids / potions
Halvar: Like I said: Everything is allowed. Go in, kill monsters and try not to get killed by your own.
Player: runes
Halvar: As long as you can carry them you can use them in the arena.
Player: armor / weapon
Halvar: You can use whatever you want but be aware that you might lose items and your backpack if you die.
Player: backpack / corpse / death
Halvar: It would be better not to die! In every pit there is an emergency exit to the south. If you die in a pit... well... your corpse and backpack are gone, so enter at your own risk.
Player: mission / quest
Halvar: Well, I would rather call it an 'Ultimate Challenge' than a quest.
Player: fight / arena / pit / challenge
Halvar: So you agree to the rules and want to participate in the challenge? Which difficulty do you choose, Greenhorn, Scrapper or Warlord?
Player: (any but below)
Halvar: Then not. Get away and don't waste my time! (idle)
Player: greenhorn
Halvar: The fee is 1000 gold for one try. Remember that if you die, it is YOUR problem and you won't be able to get back to your corpse and your backpack. Do you really want to participate in the arena in the easiest difficulty?
Player: no
Halvar: I would like to see you in the arena one day! You look very promising!
Player: scrapper
Halvar: The fee is 5000 gold for one try. Remember that if you die, it is YOUR problem and you won't be able to get back to your corpse and your backpack. Do you really want to participate in the arena in the medium difficulty?
Player: warlord
Halvar: The fee is 10000 gold for one try. Remember that if you die, it is YOUR problem and you won't be able to get back to your corpse and your backpack. Do you really want to participate in the arena in the hardest difficulty?
Player: yes
Halvar: As you wish! You can pass the door now and enter the teleporter to the pits.
Player: bye
Halvar: Farewell, Warlord of the arena, Player, Hero of Svargrond!
