Player: hi (after completing Warlord arena)
Hawkyr: HAIL to the Warlord of the arena! Hero of Svargrond! Are you looking for paladin spells?
Player: how are you
Hawkyr: I only feel alive when I'm on a hunt. But even I need some time to rest and regain strength.
Player: name
Hawkyr: I am Hawkyr the hunter.
Player: news
Hawkyr: The wolves are very hungry lately.
Player: job
Hawkyr: I am a hunter and bowyer. If you need some training, I am the man you want to see.
Player: mission
Hawkyr: Sorry, I don't have anything to do for you.
Player: everspring
Hawkyr: The happy hunting grounds are left for the afterlife. Here we will have to face and brave all kinds of obstacles and grow from it.
Player: barbarians
Hawkyr: Being a barbarian means to be one with nature and its instincts.
Player: yeti
Hawkyr: Yetis are rare but they do exist. Everyone that has been hunting in the frozen wastes for some time can share stories of their sightings.
Player: bonelords
Hawkyr: I think there is no such creature. The Southerners are just making up those stories.
Player: chakoya
Hawkyr: The chakoya are ferocious hunters. They don't only kill out of hunger, they love the carnage they are causing.
Player: dragon
Hawkyr: It's not easy to hunt dragons. Suddenly, a hunter might become the hunted in their lairs.
Player: elf
Hawkyr: Elves are good hunters. Even I was able to learn something from the elves that came here. I am thinking about visiting their city some day.
Player: dwarf
Hawkyr: Most dwarfs I've seen seem to lack the stealthiness to become a good hunter.
Player: monster
Hawkyr: There are no monsters. It's only a matter of being hunting or being hunted.
Player: enemies
Hawkyr: We have many enemies but our spirit and our bodies are strong. We are fit enough to survive.
Player: svargrond
Hawkyr: I admire the safety of the burrow and the closeness of the pack. It's a good thing to have a lair to which you can withdraw to lick your wounds.
Player: thais
Hawkyr: Thais is some far away city.
Player: venore
Hawkyr: Carlin and Venore seem to live in some sort of rivalry.
Player: carlin
Hawkyr: I don't think I'd like that place and it's not only that this is not my marked territory.
Player: port hope / edron
Hawkyr: Only foreigners talk about that place now and then.
Player: camps
Hawkyr: The camps of the raiders are to the south. Although, you can find hunting parties almost everywhere on those isles.
Player: nibelor
Hawkyr: An isle on which the shamans live.
Player: Barbarian Test / join
Hawkyr: You will have to speak with our jarl Sven to begin the barbarian test.
Player: leader
Hawkyr: Our city benefits much from the strength and wisdom of our jarl. He is a great top dog who knows what is best for his kin.
Player: jarl
Hawkyr: Our jarl was a great hunter in his younger days. He is still my idol.
Player: king
Hawkyr: In our lands, the most successful hunter is the king. Be it beast or man.
Player: queen
Hawkyr: In our lands, the most successful huntress is the queen. Be it beast or woman.
Player: druids
Hawkyr: They know the ways of spirits and nature. You can learn a lot from them just by listening. Still, you can always learn a lot if you're listening well to what nature tells you.
Player: shamans
Hawkyr: They know the ways of spirits and nature. You can learn a lot from them just by listening. Still, you can always learn a lot if you're listening well to what nature tells you.
Player: cult
Hawkyr: I don't know anything about it.
Player: mines
Hawkyr: As far as I have understood it, they are of some importance for the people of Carlin.
Player: years of the serpents
Hawkyr: I wonder if even bigger hunter have driven them away.
Player: chyll
Hawkyr: Father north wind knows best.
Player: gods
Hawkyr: The gods of the south seem to have little influence here.
Player: zathroth / uman / banor
Hawkyr: I heard that's some god in the South.
Player: ferumbras
Hawkyr: Better ask the Southerners about that one.
Player: excalibug
Hawkyr: A weapon hardly useful for a hunter.
Player: bye
Hawkyr: Good hunting, Player.
Hawkyr: Farewell, Warlord of the arena, Hero of Svargrond!
