Player: hi (after completing Warlord arena)
Iskan: HAIL to the Warlord of the arena! Player Hero of Svargrond! What can I do for you?
Player: name
Iskan: I am Iskan.
Player: do for you / job
Iskan: I run the dog sled service from this city to Nibelor.
Player: nibelor
Iskan: I can bring you to Nibelor with the sled if you want to. Just ask for a passage.
Player: passage
Iskan: So, do you want a passage to Nibelor my friend?
Player: yes
Iskan: And here we go.
Player: no
Iskan: As you wish.
Player: rumour
Iskan: I heard something about a ship crashing in the shelf ice between Nibelor and Grimlund. If I were you, I wouldn't go to chakoya terrain. It's pretty dangerous.
Player: test
Iskan: I am not sure what to think about this new custom to accept foreigners as one of us after passing that test. But it's the Jarl's decision, not mine.
Player: barbarian
Iskan: Our people are very proud and honest. I guess that's more than most people can say about themselves and their people, right boys?
Player: shamans
Iskan: I guess there are guys like me that have a talent to talk to dogs and there are guys like the shamans that have the talent to talk to spirits.
Player: druids
Iskan: I guess their healing powers are almost as useful as those of our shamans.
Player: camps
Iskan: The raiders camps are far to the south. There are three of them. Small camp sites of raiding parties might be found almost anywhere though.
Player: raiders
Iskan: They are sometimes trying to catch me and the boys. Such fools, they will never get us. Right, boys?
Player: yeti
Iskan: The yeti is real and dangerous.
Player: bonelord
Iskan: I'll tell you something. I have seen such a creature once, far on the ice to the east. It was the coldest winter I can remember and the chakoyas were roaming the ice almost everywhere. ...
Iskan: To evade them, me and the boys had to walk a long way to a spot where the ice was treacherous and thin. ...
Iskan: And there I've seen such a creature. The boys went almost mad and I turned my sled immediately. No idea how we made it home. True story.
Player: chakoya
Iskan: Nasty little beasts. Me and the boys had quite some bloody encounters with them on the ice.
Player: leader
Iskan: Sven the Younger is our current Jarl. For my standards he's still a puppy, but a smart one at least.
Player: king / queen
Iskan: We don't need any kings or queens. Am I right, boys? Yeah, I am.
Player: monster
Iskan: The boys warn me in advance if a monster is around.
Player: enemies
Iskan: The boys can tell who's an enemy just by the smell.
Player: edron / thais / carlin / venore / port hope
Iskan: Me and the boys care only about our own territory.
Player: svargrond / city
Iskan: This city seems to be growing every day. First, there have been only a few huts and now ... look around, houses everywhere.
Player: cult
Iskan: My boys did not like the guys that were travelling through our city, and I trust in their instincts. Isn't it so, boys?
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Iskan: In my whole long life, I've not seen any sign of those gods the people of the south are constantly talking about.
Player: chyll
Iskan: The icy father. We know him all too well, am I right boys? He has claimed so many old friends in all those years. So many.
Player: ferumbras
Iskan: Easy, boys! Don't mention that name again. Makes the boys nuts, ye know?
Player: excalibug
Iskan: Yeah, where could it be. That's the question.
Player: bye
Iskan: Farewell, Warlord of the arena, Player Hero of Svargrond!
