Player: hi / hello (after completing Warlord arena)
Janz: HAIL to the Warlord of the arena! Player, Hero of Svargrond! Welcome to my shop of wonderful carpentry and furniture.  
Player: barbarian  
Janz: I am proud to be a barbarian, even though a civilised one of course.  
Player: bonelord  
Janz: I can't imagine what they look like.  
Player: how are you  
Janz: It could be worse I guess.  
Player: camps  
Janz: There are some raiders that live in primitive camps with little comfort.  
Player: carlin  
Janz: I visited Carlin once and I was very impressed. They used less wood then I'd expected but it was a marvellous town.  
Player: chakoya  
Janz: The chakoyas are real. My grandfather got killed by them.  
Player: chyll  
Janz: Father north wind knows best.  
Player: cult  
Janz: I don't even understand what that means.  
Player: druid  
Janz: The druids are shamans from Carlin.  
Player: shaman  
Janz: The shamans are great seers and healers.  
Player: dragon  
Janz: The dragons usually stay in their areas, so we have little trouble with them.  
Player: dwarf  
Janz: I heard they are fine woodcutters.  
Player: elf  
Janz: I heard their city is made of living trees! Imagine!  
Player: enemy / enemies  
Janz: In our city you are safe and do not have to care about any enemies.  
Player: everspring  
Janz: I heard this is some spot in the South which is similar to the place that expects one in the afterlife.  
Player: excalibug  
Janz: A weapon that would make woodcutting easy.  
Player: ferumbras  
Janz: That's some evil spirit the people of the south are fearing.  
Player: god  
Janz: We have little use of your southern gods.  
Player: jarl  
Janz: Our jarl is a fine man. I named a cupboard after him.  
Player: leader  
Janz: You are probably referring to our jarl.  
Player: Barbarian Test / join / honourary  
Janz: Ask Sven on how to become an honourary barbarian.  
Player: king  
Janz: I know nothing about kings.  
Player: queen  
Janz: There is a queen in Carlin.  
Player: mines  
Janz: The mines are somewhere in the mountains. In the early days of our city, many people from Carlin used to work there.  
Player: monster  
Janz: If I think about monsters, only an elk comes to my mind. Strange, isn't it?  
Player: name  
Janz: My name is Janz.  
Player: news / rumours  
Janz: Nothing exciting has happened lately.  
Player: nibelor  
Janz: Most shamans live there.  
Player: port hope  
Janz: I heard they used much wood, too, to build that town.  
Player: edron  
Janz: From the tales I heard, it expect it to be a bit like Everspring.  
Player: svargrond  
Janz: If it were not for the wood we've gotten from Carlin, the city would for sure look less impressive.  
Player: raiders  
Janz: They are just greedy for all we have accomplished.  
Player: sell  
Janz: I sell different kinds of furniture.  
Player: thais  
Janz: I heard Thais is even bigger than Carlin.  
Player: banor / uman / zathroth  
Janz: We have little use of your southern gods.  
Player: venore  
Janz: The people of Carlin are somewhat bothered by Venore.  
Player: year serpent  
Janz: That have been hard years in which we were cut off from our main wood supply. Gladly wood does not suffer much in our climate.  
Player: yeti  
Janz: They are rather rare.  
Player: job  
Janz: I am selling furniture.  
Player: buy / offer / goods / ware / stuff / equipment / furniture  
Janz: Well, as you can see, I sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: ice statue  
Janz: Oh, you mean these in the back here? That's a private avocation of mine. The small ice fish and the bird are my speciality. ...  
Janz: I'm currently trying to make a mammoth from an ice cube, but the stupid tusks always break off, it's not that easy. Maybe the knife I use is not sharp enough ...  
Janz: Anyhow, are you interested in buying one of my ice statues? I don't expect anyone buying them, but if you want to, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: yes  
Janz: Wow, thanks for being interested. Look at them as long as you like.  
Player: trade  
Janz: Have a look. Most furniture comes in handy kits. Just use them in your house to assemble the furniture. Do you want to see only a certain type of furniture?  
Player: type  
Janz: I have beds, chairs, containers, decoration, flowers, instruments, pillows, pottery, statues, tapestries and tables. Which of those would you like to see?  
Player: beds / chairs / containers /decoration / flowers / instruments / pillows / pottery / statues / tapestries / tables  
Janz: Here you go.  
Player: bye  
Janz: Farewell, Warlord of the arena, Player, Hero of Svargrond!  
