Player: hi
Jessica: Greetings stranger. Let me know if you want to trade gems or jewellery. I am also the local bank contact.
Player: how are you
Jessica: I am fine. Odd that you ask though ... I hope you are not up to something.
Player: name
Jessica: My name is Jessica
Player: news
Jessica: There are no news. I think that's quite suspicious
Player: quest / mission
Jessica: I don't have anything to do for you.
Player: rumour
Jessica: I heard the jarl opened a head hunt on the Venoreans. As this is a secret, you have to use the keyword blubber to gain his trust in that case. He promised 1000 gold for every dead Venorean hunter.
Player: everspring
Jessica: That's some afterlife myth of the locals.
Player: raiders
Jessica: Of course those raiders work for Venore. The only question is if they are aware of it or not.
Player: barbarian
Jessica: Those are simple people. Sadly, they have been influenced by others.
Player: yeti
Jessica: There are no yetis. That's just another story to draw off our attention from what is really happening.
Player: bonelords
Jessica: It's too cold for bonelords here.
Player: chakoya
Jessica: We have never ever seen one here. Instead of talking about far-off chakoyas, they should concentrate on REAL threats like the Venoreans.
Player: elf
Jessica: The elves are not interested in our problems at all.
Player: dwarf
Jessica: There is a mine but no dwarfs. What do they know what we don't, I ask you? I am convinced they know that Venore will make anyone suffer that is trying to claim these mines.
Player: monster
Jessica: There are enough monsters around to suit the taste of any adventurer. It's all too easy to forget the Venorean threat here.
Player: enemies
Jessica: Well, there is Venore and there are those who work for Venore. They SEEM to lack any interest in here but I know it better! The frightening thing is that we have no idea to what they are up this time.
Player: svargrond
Jessica: This wannabe city full of hardly civilised barbarians is a dangerous mixture. It takes little for the Venorean agents to cause havoc here.
Player: thais
Jessica: Thais is just a puppet of Venore without knowing it.
Player: port hope / edron
Jessica: All Thaian colonies are in the firm grip of the schemes of Venorean trade barons.
Player: camps
Jessica: I wonder what we'd find in the camps of those raiders. Some weapons and goods from far away Venore perhaps?
Player: nibelor
Jessica: Some mysterious isle which was hardly seen by any outsider. I wonder what's happening there in all that secrecy.
Player: join
Jessica: In an obscure ceremony, people might become honourary barbarians.
Player: Barbarian Test / honourary
Jessica: A questionable honour if you ask me. And I heard the test is quite dangerous too.
Player: jarl / leader
Jessica: The local chieftain does nothing to help us. It would be so easy for him to drive those other barbarians away from the mines. I suspect he was bribed to remain inactive by agents of Venore.
Player: king
Jessica: The king in Thais works for the Venorean trade barons. I can't imagine what sinister ideas they might implant into his mind right now.
Player: queen
Jessica: If only our queen would know, how the Venoreans are scheming her downfall.
Player: druids
Jessica: We had hardly any assistance from the druids here. I think that's more than suspicious ...
Jessica: There might be some agent from Venore who has been infiltrated into their ranks. It is also possible that these treehuggers were bribed with a handful of acorns. Who knows!
Player: shamans
Jessica: I can't say that I trust these fellows.
Player: cult
Jessica: Spare me with that cult stories. This was no cult but some Venorean agents who were heading to their hired barbarians which had occupied our mines.
Player: mines
Jessica: How convenient for Venore that we lost control over the mines. And isn't it also convenient for Venore that Carlin seems to lack interest to recapture the mines. I'd say that smells like conspiracy.
Player: chyll
Jessica: That belongs to some superstitious belief of the locals.
Player: years of the serpents
Jessica: The sea serpents were surely the work of Venore. They are the only ones that are unscrupulous enough to execute such a plan. Their disappearance was just part of some conspiracy to lure us here for some reason ...
Jessica: I am only wondering how the Venoreans managed to lure that many serpents to the north.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Jessica: The gods only help those who help themselves.
Player: ferumbras
Jessica: There are enough heroes around to take care of those obvious threats.
Player: excalibug
Jessica: If that weapon existed, some greedy Venorean would have dug it up and sold it to the highest bidder.
Player: offer
Jessica: Well, I'm a bank clerk and also sell gems and goblets. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade. I can also tell you about the functions of this bank.
Player: trade
Jessica: Here, take a look.
Player: goblets
Jessica: Ah, our newest import! We have golden goblets, silver goblets and bronze goblets. All of them have space for a hand-written dedication.
Player: sell
Jessica: I sell and buy gems and jewellery. I also serve as the local bank clerk.
Player: gems
Jessica: You can buy and sell small diamonds, sapphires, rubies, emeralds and amethysts or sell topazes.
Player: jewel
Jessica: Currently you can purchase wedding rings, golden amulets, and ruby necklaces. We also buy gold ingots.
Player: pearls
Jessica: There are white and black pearls you can buy or sell, as well as giant green and brown pearls which you can sell.
Player: talons
Jessica: We don't trade with them.
Player: bye
Jessica: Good bye.
Jessica: <SARCASTIC> AND GOOD BYE TO YOU TOO!
