Player: hi
Kjesse: May the spirits be with you, Player!
Player: how are you
Kjesse: I am fine.
Player: name
Kjesse: I am Kjesse.
Player: job / spirits
Kjesse: I am a shaman.
Player: shaman / druids
Kjesse: Even though we call ourselves shamans, our doctrines and our magic are quite similar to those of the druids and other healers.
Player: healers
Kjesse: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: offer
Kjesse: I have nothing to sell but I can tell you where to go if you want to get a blessing.
Player: sell
Kjesse: I am not here to sell anything. I am here to help those badly wounded. Anyone in need receives this healing for free. ...
Kjesse: ... In addition you can buy five different blessings.
Player: blessing
Kjesse: There are five blessings available in five sacred places: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude. Additionally, you can receive the twist of fate here. ...
Kjesse: There are also two enhanced blessings for further reduction of experience loss.
Player: mission / quest / task
Kjesse: Your mission should be to become one with nature. That is maybe the only way to bear Chyll's icy breath.
Player: news
Kjesse: I am not overly interested in the affairs of men.
Player: rumour
Kjesse: It's rather a wisdom than a rumour I want to give you on your way. When you feel Chyll in your heart and you have no fear anymore, your way to Everspring will be flattened.
Player: everspring
Kjesse: It's the realm of the dead. The happy hunting ground of afterlife.
Player: raiders
Kjesse: They enjoy violence and destruction. They are so wrong on their misguided way. That's all Yakchal's fault. She poisoned their minds with false ideas. She's a disgrace for all shamans.
Player: barbarian
Kjesse: In our old language it means as much as 'the true people'. I understand that the word has a slightly different meaning in other languages.
Player: yeti
Kjesse: The yeti does exist.
Player: bonelord
Kjesse: We have only heard about such creatures. They don't live here at all.
Player: chakoya
Kjesse: Only the harsh nature of the land keeps the chakoyas at bay. If they grew in numbers, they would surely annihilate all life here.
Player: elf
Kjesse: At least those creatures seem more in touch with nature than other outsiders.
Player: dwarf
Kjesse: Knowing the chakoya, we know better than to underestimate the small ones.
Player: monster
Kjesse: In our harsh lands, a monster either means survival due to its meat or death due to its claws.
Player: enemies
Kjesse: Our enemies are numerous. We have to stay on guard.
Player: svargrond
Kjesse: There is nothing wrong with seeking the shelter of a city, but we have to be careful not to lose our connection with the spirits.
Player: venore / carlin / thais
Kjesse: Speak to the outsiders who live here to learn about them and their cities.
Player: port hope / edron
Kjesse: That is just another far away place of no concern to us.
Player: camps
Kjesse: The raiders maintain at least three more or less steady camps.
Player: nibelor
Kjesse: The isle of Nibelor has been the centre of our shamanistic forefathers in ancient times.
Player: Barbarian Test / join
Kjesse: To get some respect you will have to speak to our jarl first.
Player: honourary
Kjesse: The jarl rewards those outsiders who show the right spirit with a position of honour among our people.
Player: jarl / leader
Kjesse: The jarl oversees all affairs of common interest. We shamans oversee the spiritual affairs.
Player: king / queen
Kjesse: Our jarl is more of a spokesperson. We don't know any kings or queens here.
Player: cult
Kjesse: This is not of our concern.
Player: mines
Kjesse: The mines are lost territory. It's the problem of the people from Carlin though.
Player: chyll
Kjesse: That's the name of the spirit essence of the north wind.
Player: years of the serpents
Kjesse: It was not natural for the sea serpents to behave that way. As suddenly as this behaviour started, it ended. Nature got its way in the end.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Kjesse: Our beliefs are different from those of the outsiders. Ask on Nibelor to learn more about our beliefs.
Player: ferumbras
Kjesse: He must be driven by the darkest spirits.
Player: excalibug
Kjesse: It's only an outsider's tale.
Player: bye
Kjesse: May the spirits guide your way, Player.
