layer: hi
Lurik: Welcome to the explorer society headquarter of Svargrond, Player!
Player: how are you
Lurik: I am fine. Thank you. There is a bit less work here than I had expected but I am sure we will have some intriguing discoveries just waiting for us.
Player: name
Lurik: My name is Lurik. Odd enough you ask though. People hardly do that nowadays. I feel as if my name was painted above my head or something.
Player: job
Lurik: I am the local contact of the explorer's society. I just love it to be at the frontier of all known lands.
Player: news
Lurik: At this remote spot, news are old news. Did you hear that quara attacked Liberty Bay?
Player: rumours
Lurik: Maybe you already heard that we send our dead with a boat on their last journey. A rumour came to my ear that many of the corpses stranded on the small island of Helheim where they walk around as UNDEADS. I wonder if this is true.
Player: city
Lurik: This city has seen much in the few days of its existence. At first it was a little trading spot where ships form Carlin landed. Later it became a deposit for ore that has been mined in the mountains ...
Lurik: Then local people joined the traders from Carlin and supplied them with fish, furs and meat ...
Lurik: Soon it became a small settlement and the locals, fascinated with the abundance of wood the traders brought with them, begun to build houses ...
Lurik: It became a centre of conflict when some barbarians decided it was wrong to settle in a town and later on struggled to survive when the contact to Carlin was lost for decades ...
Lurik: Today, the city got a little boost by the presence of foreigners here. But only the future will tell what the fate of this city will be.
Player: explorer society
Lurik: Our noble society is dedicated to explore the unknown. No location is too remote for our members to travel there ...
Lurik: No beast is too wild to be hunted. No treasure buried too deep to be unearthed ...
Lurik: Only the most dedicated and fearless adventurers may join our ranks.
Player: remote
Lurik: Currently we maintain public bases in Port Hope and Northport. We have also established this humble outpost here.
Player: join
Lurik: But you are already a member, Player.
Player: rank
Lurik: You are an explorer of the explorer's society.
Player: badge
Lurik: You have been awarded the sea scout badge.
Player: quest / mission
Lurik: I currently have no further missions for you, my friend. But you may use the astral portal in the upper room from now on. ...
Lurik: For just one orichalcum pearl, you can travel between Liberty Bay and Svargrond.
Player: orichalcum pearl
Lurik: Do you want to buy an orichalcum pearl for 80 gold?
Player: no
Lurik: Is there anything else I can do for you?
Player: yes
Lurik: Here, use it wisely.
Player: trade
Lurik: Of course.
Player: sell
Lurik: There are several tradesmen here in the city. However, with the exception of the traders of the Carlin consortium, they are unlikely to trade with you until you have proven yourself as worthy. Best you asked the jarl about the barbarian test.
Player: everspring
Lurik: Everspring is the realm of the dead. It is a place of peace and harmony where those who boldly braved the challenges of life dwell for eternity and share stories at the campfires after a hunt ...
Lurik: Every true barbarian that is properly brought into afterlife will join the great hunt in Everspring where the animals are fat and have the thickest furs.
Player: raiders
Lurik: Those barbarian who did oppose the building of this settlements call themselves raiders. They consist of some major and minor clans. ...
Lurik: It's said that they are lead by a shaman woman, who has celebrated her 100th birthday a long time ago, but I am not sure how believable such records are.
Player: barbarian
Lurik: A true barbarian is something special among our people. Everyone who wants to become a barbarian will have to pass the barbarian test.
Player: barbarian test
Lurik: All of our juveniles have to take the barbarian test to become a true member of our community. Foreigners who manage to master the test might become honourary barbarians and gain the respect of our people.
Player: honourary
Lurik: An honourary barbarian earns the right to become a citizen here. But to prove yourself worthy, you have to pass the barbarian test.
Player: santa claus
Lurik: We heard that this mythical dwarf lives somewhere on the southern Ice Islands.
Player: ice dragons
Lurik: The dragons on our isles have adapted to the climate as every creature here. Instead of being aligned to fire, they became creatures of the cold ...
Lurik: They are fierce and dangerous but, luckily, they only prey on beasts of the sea or those that wander the ice near their lairs.
Player: yeti
Lurik: The yetis are mythical beasts. Only few that encountered those creatures lived to tell the tale. The chakoyas worship them as divine beings, although they have no real relations to them, as far as we can tell.
Player: chakoya
Lurik: It's a shame I still have not seen a living chakoya. I could examine some dead specimen though and I have seen some of their victims ...
Lurik: It's hard to believe that such a small creature is such a terrible threat but for all I can tell they are indeed quite dangerous.
Player: elf
Lurik: Some time ago, a few elves came here but they could not stand the cold and so they left pretty soon. Most likely it was Nibelor in which they have been interested.
Player: dwarf
Lurik: I met some of those little people in the past. Considering our experience with the chakoyas, we don't underestimate someone just for its look. And those dwarfs proved indeed to be powerful, courageous and enduring.
Player: monster
Lurik: There are many dangerous creatures that roam our isles. But having seen what men can do to each other, I wouldn't call any of them a monster.
Player: enemies
Lurik: This is a dangerous, unforgiving land. If you leave the city, you will have to deal with creatures that survive in this harsh environment. They are for sure a challenge for the unwary.
Player: monster
Lurik: There are many dangerous creatures that roam our isles. But having seen what men can do to each other, I wouldn't call any of them a monster.
Player: thais
Lurik: We understand that our friends from Carlin are wary with the realm ruled by Thais but this is not of our concern.
Player: carlin
Lurik: We are friends of the Carliners. Still we don't allow their politics to influence our way to handle things here.
Player: venore
Lurik: We did not allow them to stay here. This had nothing to do with our friendship with Carlin but for the way they handled things and their harmful approach to go hunting.
Player: port hope / edron
Lurik: We have heard only little about this far away place.
Player: camps
Lurik: The raiders' camps are mainly located in the south-western part of the isle. The camps are named after the major clans of the raiders: Ragnir, Bittermor and Grimhorn.
Player: nibelor
Lurik: Nibelor has always been a sacred place for our people. The druids and shamans live there.
Player: honourary
Lurik: An honourary barbarian earns the right to become a citizen here. But to prove yourself worthy, you have to pass the barbarian test.
Player: barbarian test
Lurik: All of our juveniles have to take the barbarian test to become a true member of our community. Foreigners who manage to master the test might become honourary barbarians and gain the respect of our people.
Player: people
Lurik: The people here seem to be a bit uncivilised on the first glance. Rest rest assured that they are hospitable and generous if you earn their respect in some way.
Player: leader / jarl
Lurik: The jarl is a kind of chieftain of the local people here. If you haven't done yet, talk to him. If you want to be accepted by the people here, you will have to ask the jarl for the barbarian test.
Player: king / queen
Lurik: No kings or queens rule these remote lands.
Player: druids / shamans
Lurik: Most shaman and druids of our people live on the sacred isle Nibelor. There, they divine the future, calm the wrath of father Chyll and prepare the dead for their last travel to the lands of Everspring.
Player: cult
Lurik: I don't care what people who come here believe in. If they provoke father Chyll, he will take care of them on his own. If their gods prove to be more powerful than Chyll, they might deserve to live.
Player: mines
Lurik: A long time ago when the trade with Carlin was flourishing, people actually worked in the mines. During the years of the serpents, the mines had been abandoned. ...
Lurik: Later, the raiders took shelter there, although they blame us for living in a fortified city ...
Lurik: Now, the traders of Carlin are back but some other foreigners seem to have claimed the mines from the raiders ...
Lurik: It's neither our business nor would we have the manpower to help them to recapture the mines. Also, if they do not have the strength to get the mines back on their own, they don't deserve them anyway.
Player: chyll
Lurik: Father north wind is called Chyll by our people. He is an unforgiving hunter. He knows no mercy with the weak ...
Lurik: Chyll is a harsh god and the best you can do is to avoid his attention. Only the shamans and druids deal with him.
Player: years of the serpents
Lurik: It was an astonishing phenomenon. For decades, sea serpents made it impossible to reach these northern isles by ship ...
Lurik: The most puzzling part of this event is probably the fact that sea serpents usually prefer a southern climate ...
Lurik: However, almost over night the sea serpents seemed to be gone and the contact between Carlin and the isles here could finally be reestablished.
Player: gods
Lurik: We know of father Chyll and his freezing breath. We care little for other gods. It is foolish to meddle with beings that are so powerful ...
Lurik: We leave it to the druids and shamans to handle such affairs.
Player: zathroth
Lurik: It's some dark side of mythical powers. Such things should only be dealt with by druids or shamans.
Player: uman
Lurik: It's some light side of mythical powers. Such things should only be dealt with by druids or shamans.
Player: banor
Lurik: He's a warrior god as far as I understood it. Well, in the end you have to fight your battles by yourself and not some mystic entity.
Player: ferumbras
Lurik: Even here we heard about this powerful man. Travellers from the south only dare to whisper his name.
Player: excalibug
Lurik: On the campfire, there are numerous tales about this weapon. It's told that it has been missing since ages ...
Lurik: In my opinion, the power and fame of a weapon shouldn't exceed the power and fame of it's wielder. And I have not heard of any hero whose fame would surpass that of excalibug.
Player: bye
Lurik: Good bye. Come back soon with exciting stories about your travels.
Lurik: Ah, the freedom of travelling.
