Player: hi  
Nelly: Hello Player, what can I do for you? I'm working for the post office, but I also trade with important potions, runes and other magical equipment.  
Player: post  
Nelly: With our mail system you can send letters and parcels to other Tibians. I can give you detailed information or sell letters and parcels to you if you ask me for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Nelly: Of course, just browse through my wares. Or do you want to look only at post stuff, potions, wands or runes?  
Player: job  
Nelly: I am working for the local post office. I also happen to have some recently imported potions and runes to sell for a very special price.  
Player: name  
Nelly: I am Nelly ... Any special reason you ask?  
Player: mission / quest / task  
Nelly: I don't have anything to do for you. Not even for me. What a boring place!  
Nelly: Yes, that's Svargrond. Welcome to the end of the world.  
Player: carlin  
Nelly: Carlin lost interest in this place quite fast.  
Player: thais  
Nelly: Thais has no affairs here.  
Player: venore  
Nelly: I wonder if things were better if Venore ran the mining operations.  
Player: edron  
Nelly: What are you suggesting? What do you know ... No, you can't know anything at all. Just forget it.  
Player: yeti  
Nelly: The locals have so many superstitions, who can tell what's the truth and what is a myth.  
Player: port hope  
Nelly: It probably would be even better to be in that backwater town than here.  
Player: chakoya  
Nelly: Those chakoyas are hopefully just a local myth.  
Player: dwarf  
Nelly: It seems even the dwarfs know better than to try their luck here.  
Player: elf  
Nelly: The elves are of no great help here. They prefer to stay in warmer climates.  
Player: gods  
Nelly: This place is godforsaken.  
Player: ferumbras  
Nelly: May his name be cursed.  
Player: banor  
Nelly: Banor is a god of honour and valour. Attributes that are not very common among the local barbarians.  
Player: barbarian  
Nelly: Those barbarians are just ruffians with no manners.  
Player: raiders  
Nelly: Who cares, I would not be that stupid to leave this frozen town anyway.  
Player: jarl  
Nelly: The local authority and the first man here. He seems quite reasonable for a northman to me.  
Player: rumour  
Nelly: That guy from the Carlin Trading Syndicate told me that he knows a guy in Carlin who heard that the postman was talking to a customer about Svargrond and that he would like to work here! ...  
Nelly: Do you know what that means ??? I could finally leave this cursed ice block for good!!  
Player: offer / sell  
Nelly: I sell parcels, letters, health potions, mana potions and runes.  
Player: buy / goods / stuff  
Nelly: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks as well as post stuff. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: years of serpent  
Nelly: If only these sea serpents had never disappeared.  
Player: queen  
Nelly: At least the queen has some representatives here. Not that anyone in Thais would care about this block of ice.  
Player: king  
Nelly: I wonder if the king in Thais even knows that this post office exists.  
Player: excalibug  
Nelly: A myth the locals probably enjoy.  
Player: how are you?  
Nelly: What do you know that makes you asking??  
Player: bonelord  
Nelly: I have never seen a bonelord, not even in warmer climates. I doubt we will see any here in this frozen waste.  
Player: camps  
Nelly: The raiders live in camps somewhere to the south. The thing is they won't simply stay there.  
Player: potion  
Nelly: We offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes: normal, strong, great and ultimate. Ask me for a trade to see my offers.  
Player: runes  
Nelly: I'm selling spirit, health and mana potions, runes, wands, rods and spellbooks as well as post stuff. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: druid  
Nelly: Druids of Carlin come here now and then to meet with the local shaman.  
Player: cult  
Nelly: There were several strange people passing through the city some months ago. As far as I heard, they headed to the west and probably died in the cold.  
Player: shaman  
Nelly: Just another name for the same magic users as usual. Probably spying on unsuspecting people like all those magic guys do.  
Player: enemy  
Nelly: The city seems to be surrounded by enemies. It's just horrible.  
Player: everspring  
Nelly: That's some superstitious thing the locals are talking about now and then.  
Player: Barbarian Test / honourary  
Nelly: If you are foolish enough, just ask the local jarl if he allows you to join their ranks as an honourary barbarian.  
Player: leader  
Nelly: This city is lead by jarl Sven the Younger.  
Player: monster  
Nelly: At least most monsters are smart enough to stay away from the barbarians. So it's somewhat safe in the city ... if it were not for the barbarians themselves that is.  
Player: news  
Nelly: As if anything you'd get to hear, could be considered new.  
Player: zathroth  
Nelly: I wouldn't be surprised if those raiders are worshipping Zathroth in their hidden camps.  
Player: rod  
Nelly: Rods can be wielded by druids only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different rods, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: wand  
Nelly: Wands can be wielded by sorcerers only and have a certain level requirement. There are eight different wands, would you like to hear about them?  
Player: animate dead rune  
Nelly: Sorry, but runes of this type can't be purchased here.  
Player: chyll  
Nelly: I think that's how the natives call the wind.  
Player: mines  
Nelly: The loss of the mines doomed this place to complete insignificance.  
Player: vial  
Nelly: Well, you could ask me for a trade to deposit your flasks, but you can also do it old style. I will pay you 5 gold for every empty vial and potion flask. Ok?  
Player: no  
Nelly: Hmm, but please keep Tibia litter free.  
Player: join  
Nelly: If you are foolish enough, just ask the local jarl if he allows you to join their ranks as an honourary barbarian.  
Player: fluid  
Nelly: Sorry, we removed the old life and mana fluids from our assortment. However, we offer health, spirit and mana potions in up to four sizes, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: nibelor  
Nelly: I am not sure if it's a real place. Perhaps it's only some myth. Who knows or cares?  
Player: receive  
Nelly: Well, the receiver - or addressee - is the person you want to send mail to.  
Player: bye  
Nelly: Good bye, Player.  
