Player: hi
Rashid: Ah, a customer! Be greeted, Player!
Player: customer / job
Rashid: I am a travelling trader. I don't buy everything, though. And not from everyone, for that matter.
Player: trade / sell / offer
Rashid: Of course, old friend. You can also browse only armor, legs, shields, helmets, boots, weapons, jewelry or miscellaneous stuff.
Player: trade / sell / offer (without quest)
Rashid: Sorry, but you do not belong to my exclusive customers. I have to make sure that I can trust in the quality of your wares.
Player: armor / legs / shields / helmets / boots / weapons / jewelry / miscellaneous
Rashid: I currently buy these.
Player: stuff / equipment / ware / quality
Rashid: I only buy high quality wares from recognised traders around the world. Becoming such a trader might not be an easy mission though.
Player: buy
Rashid: I don't have anything that you can buy, I only take what my customers sell to me.
Player: port hope
Rashid: I like the settlement itself, but I don't set my foot into the jungle. Have you seen the size of these centipedes??
Player: ab'dendriel
Rashid: Elves... I don't really trust them. All this talk about nature and flowers and treehugging... I'm sure there's some wicked scheme behind all this.
Player: venore
Rashid: Although it's the flourishing trade centre of Tibia, I don't like going there. Too much competition for my taste.
Player: carlin
Rashid: I have to go to Carlin once in a while, since the queen wishes to see my exclusive wares in regular intervals.
Player: thais
Rashid: I feel uncomfortable and rather unsafe in Thais, so I don't really travel there.
Player: kazordoon
Rashid: I don't like being underground much. I also tend to get lost in these labyrinthine dwarven tunnels, so I rather avoid them.
Player: darashia
Rashid: It's not the real thing, but almost as good. The merchants there claim ridiculous prices, which is fine for my own business.
Player: ankrahmun
Rashid: My beloved hometown! Ah, the sweet scent of the desert sands, the perfect shape of the pyramids... stunningly beautiful.
Player: liberty bay
Rashid: When you avoid the slums, it's a really pretty city. Almost as pretty as the governor's daughter.
Player: svargrond
Rashid: I wish it was a little bit warmer there, but with a good mug of barbarian mead in your tummy everything gets a lot cosier.
Player: senja / folda / vega / greenshore / northport
Rashid: Um... I don't think so.
Player: king
Rashid: Kings, queens, emperors and kaliphs... everyone claims to be different and unique, but actually it's the same thing everywhere.
Player: time
Rashid: It's almost time to journey on.
Player: edron
Rashid: Ah yes, Edron! Such a lovely and quiet island! I usually make some nice business there.
Player: fibula
Rashid: Too few customers there, it's not worth the trip.
Player: cormaya
Rashid: Cormaya? Not a good place to make business, it's way too far and small.
Player: name
Rashid: I am Rashid, son of the desert.
Player: bye / farewell
Rashid: Farewell, Player, may the winds guide your way.