Player: hi (after completing Warlord arena)
Thorwulf: HAIL to the Warlord of the arena, Player! Hero of Svargrond! What can I do for you?
Player: how are you
Thorwulf: As long as I am not fighting, I am bored.
Player: name
Thorwulf: I am Thorwulf, slayer of dragons, giants and yetis.
Player: do for you / job
Thorwulf: I am an expert fighter and I can teach a true warrior in the arts of war. Just ask me about spells.
Player: news
Thorwulf: There are no news ... yet. But I can smell blood and steel in the air. I can feel it, there is going to be a battle soon.
Player: quests
Thorwulf: I don't have anything to do for you.
Player: rumour
Thorwulf: A few years ago there was an arena fighter named Alrik. He managed to win the Warlord title three times in a row. He was Svargrond's greatest hero and all of a sudden he was gone and never seen again. ...
Thorwulf: Even his sculpture disappeared. The people say Chyll took him directly to Everspring where he could live a king's life as a reward.
Player: everspring
Thorwulf: The afterlife would be boring if there were no challenge. I firmly believe there will be something that can be fought by a true warrior.
Player: raiders
Thorwulf: Their cowardly tactics are a shame for every true barbarian, so is their obedience to a witch. They are not even worthy opponents.
Player: barbarian
Thorwulf: Most people have forgotten that being a true barbarian means to be a fearless fighter.
Player: yeti
Thorwulf: The yetis are powerful and cunning foes. It takes the right bait to lure them out of their hiding places.
Player: bait
Thorwulf: I won't tell. Never ever. Find out on your own.
Player: dragon
Thorwulf: The dragons of these lands are fierce as a blizzard and lethal as the silent cold and the howling snow storm alike.
Player: chakoya
Thorwulf: The chakoyas are small but their teeth can shred a man's arm into pieces. Their strength lies in their number as well as in ambushes on unwary or sleeping persons.
Player: elf
Thorwulf: The elves that came here were quite skilled with a bow. I respect that in a way, still it takes little courage to shoot something from afar.
Player: dwarf
Thorwulf: I haven't seen many of them around here.
Player: monster
Thorwulf: Monsters are a challenge for the heart and the body of a fighter. Those who are worthy will grow on it, the unworthy will perish.
Player: enemies
Thorwulf: There are many challenges in our lands that are awaiting brave warriors. There are fearsome dragons, the ferocious chakoyas, the honourless raiders and the giants that are ... oh well, quite big.
Player: svargrond
Thorwulf: I hate it to wait here for our enemies to arrive. I'd rather go out and wage war in their camps and lairs.
Player: thais
Thorwulf: Thais is not better than Carlin.
Player: carlin
Thorwulf: I care little for the people from Carlin. All of them are so weak and timid. I could not care less for their concerns. If they want something to be done, they will have to do it on their own.
Player: venore
Thorwulf: For all I know, they are schemers and liars. That means they are even worse than the other southerners.
Player: port hope / edron
Thorwulf: Some far away place the people of Carlin talk about now and then.
Player: camps
Thorwulf: The raiders have some camps in the South. If I want some fun, I go there and challenge some of those cowards.
Player: nibelor
Thorwulf: A boring piece of ice and rock on which only shamans live.
Player: Barbarian Test / join / honourary
Thorwulf: Even if someone passes the barbarian test, there is still much left to prove. I don't accept foreigners that easily.
Player: leader
Thorwulf: Our city is lead by our jarl Sven the Younger. A jarl is a person that is respected by the people, not like those kings or queens of far away lands.
Player: jarl
Thorwulf: Our jarl has grown old. I honour him for his deeds in the past but I wonder if a younger leader wouldn't be better now. He could lead us into glorious battles with the raiders.
Player: king
Thorwulf: How can someone who never proved himself as a warrior lead people into a battle?
Player: queen
Thorwulf: The people from Carlin seem to respect their queen. Though, I can't understand why. She is hardly a warrior.
Player: druids
Thorwulf: As far as I understood it, druids are like our shamans. I know enough magic to defeat my opponents on my own. So I have only little use for such spell casters
Player: shamans
Thorwulf: All they are doing is talking to the spirits the whole day. My enemies, however, are of flesh and blood and I can handle them on my own.
Player: cult
Thorwulf: I don't care about cults.
Player: mines
Thorwulf: Those Carliners seem to care about those mines, but they don't have the guts to recapture them. Pathetic.
Player: chyll
Thorwulf: The wind that has seen all battles and that puts an icy blanket over the battlefields.
Player: years of the serpents
Thorwulf: Men are not supposed to travel the seas. So I don't care if these giant serpents ever existed or if they had only been an excuse for cowards.
Player: coward
Thorwulf: You talked to Robert, did you? I think I scared him pretty well! Hehehe!
Player: gods
Thorwulf: I couldn't care less for gods. Every true warrior creates his own fortune.
Player: zathroth
Thorwulf: Some dark god whose name some people only dare to whisper. One day those people will start running from their own shadow.
Player: uman
Thorwulf: Some strange god of the south.
Player: banor
Thorwulf: Some strange warrior god from the south. Seeing what kind of warriors those people are that god is not doing an impressive job if you ask me.
Player: ferumbras
Thorwulf: Bah, to know that he is a sorcerer means to know that he is a coward.
Player: excalibug
Thorwulf: A true warrior will kill his opponents with a rusty knife. There is no need for a mighty weapon. Where is the honour if the weapon is more powerful than its wielder?
Player: bye
Thorwulf: Farewell, Warlord of the arena, Player, Hero of Svargrond!
Thorwulf: Bye.
