Lucius: Bring some light to the world in these dark days!  
Lucius: It's the time of the year where we all need some light.  
Lucius: Meet me tomorrow and you shall learn more.  
Lucius: Greetings, Player.  
Player: name  
Lucius: My name is Lucius.  
Player: job  
Lucius: Well, I use to call myself a 'lightbearer'. I provide magical torches to light fires at places where hellish creatures are trying to enter our world, thus fending them off.  
Player: light / lightbearer  
Lucius: Let's not talk here. I prefer to meet you in the Temple of Light. Will you accompany me there now?  
Player: yes  
Lucius: (missing answer)
Player: hi (Temple of Light)
Lucius: Greetings, Player! We have no time to waste. Let's talk about an urgent mission.  
Player: mission  
Lucius: This is the time of the year where demons try hardest to break through to our world. I try my best to keep them away by spiritually empowering those magical fire basins here in the Temple of Light. ...  
Lucius: However, I cannot be everywhere at the same time, and there are ten spots all over Tibia where the layer between our world and the hellish world is especially thin. ...  
Lucius: You need to travel to these places within a day after I gave you a magical torch. I summoned a lightbearer's basin there, similar to those here in the temple. ...  
Lucius: You have to use the torch on a basin to power its light. Then it will have regain enough energy to burn brightly for another two hours. ...  
Lucius: If you look at a basin, you can see how much energy there is still left. As long as all fire basins are burning, no creatures will be able to enter Tibia. ...  
Lucius: However, when only one fire basin turns dark and disappears, powerful demons will be unleashed onto this world. ...  
Lucius: You have to keep the fire burning for five days, and on the last day the demons will be so weakened that you can dispose of them easily when they come. ...  
Lucius: I can give you only one torch which lasts for a day and will then disappear. Also, you can only use your torch ONCE on each basin. ...  
Lucius: Thus you need to work together with your fellow Tibians, so that someone can always keep the fire basins burning, on each of the five days. ...  
Lucius: I can either give you the torch now - but remember it will only last for a day - or hold onto it for you until your time to be a lightbearer has come. Do you want that torch right now?  
Player: no  
Lucius: Good, then wait for a while. But don't wait too long.  
Player: yes  
Lucius: Here is your torch, Player. Please try to keep all ten spots burning, and remember you can only use your torch ONCE on each spot. ...  
Lucius: And be careful - evil might send its minions there from time to time to keep you from lighting the basin.  
Player: spots  
Lucius: There are ten of these fire basins all over Tibia. Ask me for any number between one and ten to learn more about the location where it can be found.  
Player: lightbearer  
Lucius: This is the time of the year where demons try hardest to break through to our world. I try my best to keep them away by spiritually empowering those magical fire basins here in the Temple of Light. ...  
Lucius: However, I cannot be everywhere at the same time, and there are ten spots all over Tibia where the layer between our world and the hellish world is especially thin. ...  
Lucius: You need to travel to these places after I gave you a magical torch. I summoned a lightbearer's basin there, similar to those here in the temple. ...  
Lucius: You have to use the torch on a basin to power its light. Then it will have regain enough energy to burn brightly for another two hours. ...  
Lucius: If you look at a basin, you can see how much energy there is still left. As long as all fire basins are burning, no creatures will be able to enter Tibia. ...  
Lucius: However, when only one fire basin turns dark and disappears, powerful demons will be unleashed onto this world. ...  
Lucius: You have to keep the fire burning for five days, and on the last day the demons will be so weakened that you can dispose of them easily when they come. ...  
Lucius: I can give you only one torch, and you can only use it ONCE on each basin. ...  
Lucius: Thus you need to work together with your fellow Tibians, so that someone can always keep the fire basins burning, on each of the five days, on each of the ten spots.  
Player: torches  
Lucius: Those magical torches burn for much longer than normal torches. They will also protect you while you carry them. If you are willing to take on this mission, let me know.  
Player: spots  
Lucius: There are ten of these fire basins all over Tibia. Ask me for any number between one and ten to learn more about the location where it can be found.  
Player: one  
Lucius: The first place might be somewhat hard to find... it is on the Formorgar Glacier on Svargrond.  
Player: two  
Lucius: The second place is in the Plains of Havoc near the Knightwatch Tower.  
Player: three  
Lucius: The third place is under the taboo area of Port Hope.  
Player: four  
Lucius: The fourth place is in the prison under Kazordoon.  
Player: five  
Lucius: The fifth place is on Ramoa, one of the Forbidden Islands close to Liberty Bay.  
Player: six  
Lucius: The sixth place is in the northern ruins of Edron, near the entrance to the demon lair.  
Player: seven  
Lucius: The seventh place is deep under Drefia, at the top of the pentagram.  
Player: eight  
Lucius: The eighth place is in the middle of Hellgate. It can be found close to a necromantic ritual place.  
Player: nine  
Lucius: The ninth place is not very dangerous to reach. It is near Ankrahmun, in the tomb that's covered with tar pits.  
Player: ten  
Lucius: The tenth place is quite close to here. Go to the area of the Magician Quarter where the earth is broken up and hellish creatures are crawling to the surface. ...  
Lucius: Go one level down through one of the holes and search for the fire basin in this area.  
Player: trade  
Lucius: If you would like to trade any shards you might have for gold coins, just do so.  
Player: bye  
Lucius: Farewell and safe journeys, Player.  
