Player: hi  
Tamara: Welcome to my little place, Player. How may I help you?  
Player: job  
Tamara: I'm a druid. I teach spells to other druids.  
Player: name  
Tamara: I'm known as Tamara, though my friends also nickname me Tamera.  
Player: spells  
Tamara: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.  
Player: yalahar  
Tamara: The city is dying, I can feel it. Not only in a physical sense, but also in a spiritual one.  
Player: yalahari  
Tamara: They have lost connection to their city, to their people, to the world. They are lost.  
Player: druid  
Tamara: Druids are in close communion with nature. Some of them are also close to their inner beast.  
Player: sorcerer  
Tamara: Sorcerers are very aggressive. They use their power to fight and to kill.  
Player: knights  
Tamara: Their animalistic rage and their passion for battles are somewhat impressive. If they only understood the animal in them, they could gain much more power.  
Player: paladins  
Tamara: They restrict themselves way too much. All this talk about holiness and divine will is pointless. Still, their devotion is admirable.  
Player: power  
Tamara: Everyone who becomes a druid has the opportunity to learn many magic spells.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Tamara: The breath of life is no longer blowing over this quarter. The beast of the plaque is lurking in every shady corner, and no hunter can bring it down.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Tamara: A scorpion will always be a scorpion.  
Player: trade quarter  
Tamara: The pack is always looking for a leader.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Tamara: The breath of life is no longer blowing over this quarter. The beast of the plaque is lurking in every shady corner, and no hunter can bring it down.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Tamara: A scorpion will always be a scorpion.  
Player: trade quarter  
Tamara: The pack is always looking for a leader.  
Player: magician quarter  
Tamara: They thought they could tame magic, but magic devoured them.  
Player: arena quarter  
Tamara: The gladiators are to some extent in touch with their inner beast. Still, sometimes they are the prey rather than the predator.  
Player: sunken quarter  
Tamara: It is inevitable that mother nature will claim what was once hers.  
Player: factory quarter  
Tamara: They tried to cage the forces of nature to have them work for them. Now the factories are silent and covered with dust. Those who thought to have mastered nature are gone, while nature is still here.  
Player: time  
Tamara: Eh, I haven't seen daylight for a long time. So, don't ask me, what time it is.  
Player: excalibug  
Tamara: Another weapon of destruction. I hope nobody will ever find it.  
Player: ferumbras  
Tamara: I came here to get away from evil creatures like him, but here I've found other curses.  
Player: cookies  
Tamara: Thank you honey, but I pass on that offer.  
Player: palimuth  
Tamara: He is nothing than a puppy of its uncaring masters.  
Player: vampire  
Tamara: Fortunately they never come here.  
Player: blood crystal  
Tamara: Oh! That cursed stone! I know about it, but I can't tell you anything. Evil gems like that shouldn't be passed around, only a crazy fool would do that.  
Player: magic  
Tamara: Everyone who becomes a druid has the opportunity to learn many magic spells.  
Player: crunor  
Tamara: Crunor, the father of all trees, is a symbol of life.  
Player: membership  
Tamara: Our members use their magic power to protect their life and the life of other creatures.  
Player: news  
Tamara: News are of little value in a city that old.  
Player: vocation  
Tamara: Your vocation is your profession. There are four vocations in Tibia: druids, paladins, knights, and sorcerers.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Tamara: Farewell.  
