Player: hi
Captain Breezelda: Hello Player Where do you want to sail?
Player: name
Captain Breezelda: My name is Breezelda.
Player: job
Captain Breezelda: I'm the captain of this ship.
Player: sail
Captain Breezelda: Where do you want to go? To Carlin, Venore or Thais? Or to Travora - a place between the worlds?
Player: carlin / venore / thais
Captain Breezelda: Do you seek a passage to Carlin|Venore|Thais for 100|140|170 gold?
Player: yes
Captain Breezelda: Set the sails!
Player: no
Captain Breezelda: We serve you whenever it pleases you.
Player: (other city)
Captain Breezelda: I'm sorry. We only sail to Thais, Carlin, Venore and Travora.
Player: rum
Captain Breezelda: I'm so sorry but the twenty rum flasks I brought with me from Port Hope were all bought by one shabby fisherman whose name I don't remember.
Player: rumour
Captain Breezelda: Last week a ship sunk between Svargrond and Carlin. Rumour has it that a ship's kobold was the reason for it.
Player: druids
Captain Breezelda: If you are looking for a druid, try your luck in Carlin.
Player: raiders
Captain Breezelda: They are no sailors so the ship is safe.
Player: barbarian
Captain Breezelda: At least they usually don't talk too much.
Player: yeti
Captain Breezelda: The locals claim that it exists.
Player: bonelord
Captain Breezelda: I heard there might be bonelords hidden beneath Ab'Dendriel.
Player: chakoya
Captain Breezelda: I've never seen one.
Player: monster / enemies
Captain Breezelda: The weather is our worst enemy here.
Player: camps
Captain Breezelda: I have no idea about the areas outside of town.
Player: svargrond
Captain Breezelda: Other captains rarely visit this city.
Player: nibelor
Captain Breezelda: It's too dangerous to go there with all that sea ice around here. Maybe one of the fishermen could bring you there.
Player: test
Captain Breezelda: I heard the jarl allows foreigners to take a test to become honourary barbarians.
Player: leader / jarl
Captain Breezelda: Look for Sven the Younger.
Player: queen
Captain Breezelda: I don't care much about politics.
Player: cult
Captain Breezelda: I don't spy on my passengers.
Player: chyll
Captain Breezelda: I believe that's how the locals call the north wind.
Player: gods / zathroth / uman / banor
Captain Breezelda: The gods help those who take care of their own fate.
Player: ferumbras
Captain Breezelda: I heard he reappeared somewhere in the South.
Player: excalibug
Captain Breezelda: Better ask in a tavern about such tales.
Player: kick
Captain Breezelda: Off with you!
Player: bye
Captain Breezelda: Bye.
