V.i Part 2: The Age of Chaos
However, for all their efforts, the gods could not create creatures that were a match for the ruthless, well-organised hordes that roamed the land. The wolves' hides and the spiders chitinous exoskeletons could not resist the steel of the orcish blades, and for every troll that was brought down by poison two others came to take his place. In the end gods' children withdrew to areas that were easy to defend: The wolves fled into the depths of the forests, while the spiders hid deep in caves. There they continued their fights, defending their realms against the onslaught of the superior enemy. These little pockets of resistance were the only sanctuaries in a world that sank deeper and deeper into chaos. And the worst was yet to come, for now the dragons felt the time had come to take what was theirs by right!
For centuries they had propagated and expanded in silence, largely unnoticed by all other creatures. But now that Garsharak, the very first and strongest of their race, sent them into the world they knew neither restraint nor mercy. The orcish armies were routed by the relentless flames of magical dragon fire, and soon that proud though barbaric race, who until then had not known the meaning of the word defeat, was driven into the shelter of subterranean settlements. Their allies, the mighty cyclopes, fared no better. Although they won a number of notable victories using their powerful weapons and armour, they, too, had to yield to the superior power of the dreaded dragons. They joined their former allies, the orcs, and their weak cousins, the trolls, in their subterranean exile. Their proud cities that had been built in the course of centuries were burnt down to the ground, and their renowned forges were lost forever.
Thus the dragons had taken over the rule of the land, but the war was by no means over. Their bitter enemies, cyclopes and orcs, resented what they felt was an imprisonment in the bowels of the earth, and they continued the fight from their subterranean hideouts. And in fact the dragons, who had already been weakened in the course of the previous battles, suffered serious losses. But now war also erupted among the former allies, as cyclopes and orcs competed for food and space in their subterranean abodes. And even though no side was strong enough to overcome the others the war went on with undiminished force, and all of the races suffered greatly in the epic struggle. The land was scattered with bodies, and while it seemed that life itself would be wiped from the face of Tibia the losses of all races that were involved daily grew in number. It was as if the living would drown in the bodies of the slain.