Player: hi
Chester Kahs: Salutations, agent Player. Why do you disturb me?
Player: hi
Chester Kahs: Salutations, stranger.
Player: disturb
Chester Kahs: I'm the head of the TBI.
Player: how are you
Chester Kahs: I am troubled by all the mysteries out there.
Player: news
Chester Kahs: Sorry, all interesting news are confidential.
Player: sell
Chester Kahs: I'm no tradesman, sorry.
Player: TBI
Chester Kahs: The Tibian Bureau of Investigation, the secret service of His Royal Highness ...
Chester Kahs: The TBI is an old institution with tradition. Since centuries we are the protectors of our king and country ...
Chester Kahs: We successfully fight intrigues and corruption from within and enemies from without. Only the most talented individuals are allowed to join.
Player: cgb
Chester Kahs: An amateurish attempt of Carlin to establish a secret service. It's nothing than a 'make-believe' game for little girls ...
Chester Kahs: They should rather play salesman and customer or mother and child instead of pretending to be secret agents.
Player: avin
Chester Kahs: Officially we have to accept their status as a harmless organisation to promote trade. Still, it's an open secret that they have a quite active part in the fields of interest of the Venorean traders.
Player: bureau / investigation
Chester Kahs: We collect information about people and incidents.
Player: people
Chester Kahs: We know much about the citizens and some other people.
Player: incidents
Chester Kahs: There are things that must be kept secret.
Player: secret
Chester Kahs: Certain information is not for the eyes and ears of everyone. Please understand that.
Player: citizens
Chester Kahs: I only can give you some official information about our citizens. About whom do you wish to talk?
Player: stutch / harsky
Chester Kahs: He's one of the few people I trust.
Player: bozo
Chester Kahs: He isn't the fool he pretends to be. So what is he up to?
Player: sam
Chester Kahs: I say it was a mistake to rely on a single person for such vital services but having those Venoreans here is even worse.
Player: gorn
Chester Kahs: A man too concerned about profit to be trustworthy. This kind of man sells his soul to the highest bidder. The questions is if he has done it already or if he will do it soon.
Player: frodo
Chester Kahs: Have you noticed how easy it would be to poison his supplies and so to kill a great deal of people?
Player: benjamin
Chester Kahs: Something happened to him that snapped his mind. Do we know what else has happened to him unnoticed?
Player: lugri
Chester Kahs: At least you KNOW that you have to expect only evilness from this guy and that's the best one can say about him.
Player: lynda
Chester Kahs: She puts her trust in the help of beings she can't understand. Do you really think that's clever?
Player: quentin
Chester Kahs: A peaceful man. But nowadays peace is just an illusion. We are surrounded by enemies and dangers.
Player: mcronald
Chester Kahs: Have you ever wondered what these caves under their farm are good for? And have you noticed how many adventurers go down there and never return? Well, think about it!
Player: aruda
Chester Kahs: This woman is a clever thief, so watch out when you're talking to her.
Player: partos
Chester Kahs: This criminal was wanted for many crimes. At last he got caught and put into jail.
Player: eclesius
Chester Kahs: I think it could be quite a good trick to pretend not to remember anything. That's why I never tell that guy anything, who knows what he would do with that knowledge.
Player: carlin
Chester Kahs: Who knows what power drove those women to break from the Thaian rule? There might be sinister powers at work.
Player: venore
Chester Kahs: Venore makes its moves behind the scenes but they are noticed by those who learnt to watch.
Player: thais
Chester Kahs: Thais is a proud and ancient city. This leads to envy which, in turn, leads to enemies.
Player: ab'dendriel
Chester Kahs: The elves of Ab'Dendriel are hard to understand. We better keep an eye on them.
Player: kazordoon
Chester Kahs: The dwarfs of Kazordoon are our allies. They are brave and very well skilled in warcraft, still they are hiding in some mountain. So I'm asking myself: What do they know that we don't?
Player: ankrahmun
Chester Kahs: Well, that's a creepy town with an enigmatic religion and a dangerous leader.
Player: darashia
Chester Kahs: In my opinion it's questionable that Darashia was only built so remote to provide solitariness.
Player: liberty bay
Chester Kahs: There is still resistance to our leadership. It might take generations to wipe it out.
Player: port hope
Chester Kahs: Port Hope is our foothold in an unknown territory full of new challenges and secrets.
Player: svargrond
Chester Kahs: There is a small group of Carliners in Svargrond. It seems they only try to establish some trade. Still, as the mines could not be retaken, one has to wonder what they are actually doing there.
Player: king
Chester Kahs: King Tibianus III is our leader and my direct superior.
Player: superior
Chester Kahs: I report directly to the king himself.
Player: report
Chester Kahs: My reports are confidential and for the ears and eyes of the king only.
Player: guards
Chester Kahs: I think we can't trust the guards anymore.
Player: trust
Chester Kahs: Too many possibilities to become a servant of darkness to trust ANYONE!
Player: castle
Chester Kahs: The castle isn't safe! I warned them about the entrance to the dungeons, but no one is listening. How many people have to die before they do something about that?
Player: city
Chester Kahs: The city is open to almost everyone. That literally opens doors for all kinds of criminals and fiends.
Player: criminals
Chester Kahs: There are so many murderers and thieves out there that I wonder if there is some greater force of evil subtly encouraging that.
Player: fiends
Chester Kahs: Not everything that walks our streets is human ... or even living.
Player: army
Chester Kahs: Our army might be infested with spies already.
Player: spies
Chester Kahs: Polymorphed minotaurs, shapeshifting demons, possessed innocents ... who can tell for sure.
Player: dogs of war
Chester Kahs: Even they can't stop a handful of demons.
Player: red guard
Chester Kahs: They are at my command now and then ... but it's a mistake to rely on anyone except yourself.
Player: secret police
Chester Kahs: Are you joking? What's secret in Tibia at all?
Player: silver guard
Chester Kahs: The king's best. But is the best good enough to fight what stalks the nights?
Player: knight
Chester Kahs: It's too easy to become a knight. If you look at the streets, you see what happens if you give training and a flashy title to almost everyone.
Player: paladin
Chester Kahs: They should be noble warriors, but how brave is it to shoot someone from a distance? The former paladins were virtuous heroes, the ones you meet today are nothing than simple treasure hunters.
Player: sorcerer
Chester Kahs: I don't know where they got their secret spells in the first place, and even most sorcerer don't.
Player: druid
Chester Kahs: Let me ask you how good it is to sell runes to the highest bidder, no matter who that might be? I think you get the point!
Player: gods
Chester Kahs: We are just the pawns of the gods. The best we can expect is that our play amuses them enough to keep their interest in us, so we might live a day or two longer.
Player: enemy / enemies
Chester Kahs: The people of the northern city, the minotaurs, the followers of Zathroth, the demons, and countless others!
Player: danger
Chester Kahs: Danger is just as common as day and night for a Tibian who keeps his eyes open.
Player: dungeon
Chester Kahs: Monsters lurk in each corner of the dungeons.
Player: demon
Chester Kahs: They say there are just two of them in the underground ruins! Such fools! There are dozens of them, and most of them much stronger than these two!
Player: underground ruins
Chester Kahs: We have no clue what happened to the civilization that once dwelled underground, but their complete extinction should be a warning to us!
Player: ruthless seven
Chester Kahs: We know little about them, but even that gives me nightmares! But it's your lucky day, since this information is confidential, it can't bother you.
Player: necromants nectar
Chester Kahs: Followers of evil are investigating about that, though I guess even they don't know what it's good for. Perhaps just a myth of evil.
Player: ferumbras
Chester Kahs: Some say he's the avatar of Zathroth himself, but perhaps the truth about him is even darker than the worst rumours can imagine.
Player: excalibug
Chester Kahs: We are surrounded by myths, living and dead. How can someone doubt that there IS something like Excalibug somewhere?
Player: rebellion
Chester Kahs: I have far too little information about the rebellion, but we suspect the followers of Zathroth to be behind it.
Player: berfasmur
Chester Kahs: Strange name, isn't it? Play around with the letters and you might be surprised.
Player: berfasmur is ferumbras
Chester Kahs: Yes, that's what I figured out, too. Just one of his disguises.
Player: gamel is a rebel
Chester Kahs: Are you saying that Gamel is a member of the rebellion?
Player: no
Chester Kahs: Then don't bother me with it. I'm a busy man.
Player: yes
Chester Kahs: Do you know what his plans are about?
Player: (any)
Chester Kahs: Tell me precisely what he asked you to do! It's important!
Player: Give a magic crystal to lugri so that he can cast a deathcurse on the king
Chester Kahs: That's terrible! Will you give me the crystal?
Player: no
Chester Kahs: Traitor! (soulfire)
Player: yes
Chester Kahs: Sorry, but you have none.
Player: yes
Chester Kahs: Thank you! Take this ring. If you ever need some healing, come here, bring me the ring and ask me to 'heal' you.
Player: heal
Chester Kahs: Do you want me to heal you now?
Player: no
Chester Kahs: As you wish.
Player: yes
Chester Kahs: Sorry, you are not worthy!
Player: yes
Chester Kahs: So be healed! (life ring)
Player: bye
Chester Kahs: Take care out there!
