Player: hi  
Donald McRonald: Hmmm, well, hello Player. What brings you here?  
Player: hi
Donald McRonald: Today is just a day like any other - much farmwork to be done.
Player: here / job  
Donald McRonald: I run a farm, what else?!  
Player: name  
Donald McRonald: Donald McRonald.  
Player: Donald  
Donald McRonald: I am Donald.  
Player: farm  
Donald McRonald: It is my farm, yes.  
Player: time  
Donald McRonald: Who cares?  
Player: wife  
Donald McRonald: Sherry is my wife.  
Player: weather  
Donald McRonald: Weather is good enough to work on the fields.  
Player: crops  
Donald McRonald: It is hard to grow but worth the effort.  
Player: field  
Donald McRonald: My fields are enchanted by the druids and the wheat grows very quickly.  
Player: city  
Donald McRonald: The city is to the north.  
Player: mill  
Donald McRonald: I sometimes have to bring the wheat there.  
Player: spooked  
Donald McRonald: I dont know.  
Player: king  
Donald McRonald: King Tibianus is our king.  
Player: frodo  
Donald McRonald: Frodo? He is a friend of mine.  
Player: oswald  
Donald McRonald: He ignores us and we ignore him.  
Player: bloodblade  
Donald McRonald: A general in the army.  
Player: muriel  
Donald McRonald: I don't trust sorcerers like you.  
Player: elane  
Donald McRonald: Too noble to care about us.  
Player: gregor  
Donald McRonald: Knights always feel superior to us farmers.  
Player: marvik  
Donald McRonald: Druids are a great help for us, they know much about nature.  
Player: gorn  
Donald McRonald: Hardly know him.  
Player: sam  
Donald McRonald: A blacksmith, eh?  
Player: quentin  
Donald McRonald: A generous person.  
Player: lynda  
Donald McRonald: She has a good soul.  
Player: spider  
Donald McRonald: I will give you 2 gold for every spider you bring me. But not a rotten spider that was already dead for some time. Do you have any with you?  
Player: no  
Donald McRonald: Hmpf.  
Player: spider-yes  
Donald McRonald: You have no spider that died recently.  
Player: spider-yes  
Donald McRonald: Here you are.  
Player: buy / sell / offer / goods / stuff / ware / equipment / food  
Donald McRonald: I can offer you wheat, cheese, carrots, and corncobs. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Donald McRonald: Of course, just browse through my wares.  
Player: eclesius  
Donald McRonald: He sometimes comes to shop our food.  
Player: bye  
Donald McRonald: Yes, bye!  
Player: farewell  
Donald McRonald: Yes, farewell!  
