Player: hi
Elane: Welcome to the paladins' guild, Player! How can I help you?
Player: Name
Elane: My name is Elane. I am the famous leader of the Paladins.
Player: elane
Elane: Yes?
Player: help / job
Elane: I am the leader of the Paladins. I help our members.
Player: Time
Elane: Oops. I have forgotten my watch.
Player: news
Elane: I am a paladin, not a storyteller.
Player: king
Elane: King Tibianus is a wise ruler.
Player: general
Elane: Harkath Bloodblade is the royal general.
Player: army
Elane: Some paladins serve in the kings army.
Player: quentin
Elane: A humble monk and a wise man.
Player: lynda
Elane: Mhm, a little too nice for my taste. Still, it's amazing how she endures all those men stalking her, especially this creepy Oswald.
Player: oswald
Elane: If there wouldn't be higher powers to protect him...
Player: harkath bloodblade
Elane: A fine warrior and a skilled general.
Player: sam
Elane: Strong man. But a little shy.
Player: gorn
Elane: He sells a lot of useful equipment.
Player: frodo
Elane: The alcohol he sells shrouds the mind and the eye.
Player: galuna
Elane: One of the most important members of our guild. She makes all the bows and arrows we need.
Player: bozo
Elane: How spineless do you have to be to become a jester?
Player: baxter
Elane: He has some potential.
Player: sherry / donald / mcronald
Elane: The McRonalds are simple farmers.
Player: muriel
Elane: Just another arrogant sorcerer.
Player: gregor
Elane: He and his guildfellows lack the grace of a true warrior.
Player: marvik
Elane: A skilled healer, that's for sure.
Player: eclesius
Elane: He must have been skilled before he became the way he is now. Such a pity.
Player: lugri
Elane: A follower of evil that will get what he deserves one day.
Player: the first dragon
Elane: So many claimed to have found and slain him but they had nothing to prove it.
Player: Excalibug
Elane: A weapon of myth. I don't believe that this weapon exists.
Player: Ferumbras
Elane: Someday I will slay that bastard!
Player: vocation
Elane: Your vocation is your profession. There are four vocations in Tibia: Paladins, knights, sorcerers, and druids.
Player: paladins / skill
Elane: Paladins are great warriors and magicians. Besides that we are excellent missile fighters. Many people in Tibia want to join us.
Player: warriors
Elane: Of course, we aren't as strong as knights, but no druid or sorcerer will ever defeat a paladin with a sword.
Player: magicians
Elane: There are many magic spells and runes paladins can use.
Player: missile
Elane: Paladins are the best missile fighters in Tibia!
Player: members
Elane: Every paladin profits from his vocation. It has many advantages to be a paladin.
Player: advantages / profit
Elane: We will help you to improve your skills. Besides I offer spells for paladins.
Player: spells
Elane: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.
Player: Task
Elane: So you are saying that you would like to prove that you deserve to wear such a hooded cloak?
Player: Yes
Elane: Alright, I will give you a chance. Pay close attention to what I'm going to tell you now. ...
Elane: Recently, one of our members moved to Liberty Bay out of nowhere, talking about some strange cult. That is not the problem, but he took my favourite crossbow with him. ...
Elane: Please find my crossbow. It has my name engraved on it and is very special to me. ...
Elane: Secondly, we need a lot of leather for new quivers. 100 pieces of lizard leather and 100 pieces of red dragon leather should suffice. ...
Elane: Third, since we are giving out tiaras, we are always in need of enchanted chicken wings. Please bring me 5, that would help us tremendously. ...
Elane: Lastly, for our arrow heads we need a lot of steel. Best would be one piece of royal steel, one piece of draconian steel and one piece of hell steel. ...
Elane: Did you understand everything I told you and are willing to handle this task?
Player: task
Elane: You've already completed all tasks, Player.
Player: Crossbow
Elane: I really wonder what was on this fool's mind when he stole my crossbow. What a huge disappointment.
Player: Addon / Outfit / Tiara
Elane: Oh, my winged tiara? Those are traditionally awarded after having completed a difficult task for our guild, only to female aspirants though. Male warriors will receive a hooded cloak.
Player: Hooded cloak
Elane: Those are traditionally awarded after having completed a difficult task for our guild.
Player: Sniper gloves
Elane: We are always looking for sniper gloves. They are supposed to raise accuracy. If you find a pair, bring them here. Maybe I can offer you a nice trade.
Player: bye
Elane: Bye, Player.
