Player: Hi  
Gamon: Nice to meet you, Mister Player! Looking for furniture? You've come to the right place!  
Player: Artist  
Gamon: Yes! Selling is a form of art! The elaborate combination of rhetoric and acting which serves to create a sublime longing for the infinite, embodied by second class furniture.  
Player: Job  
Gamon: I am Thais's foremost furniture salesman.  
Player: Furniture  
Gamon: I sell statues, tables, chairs, flowers, pillows, pottery, instruments, decoration, tapestries and containers.  
Player: Quality  
Gamon: Our furniture is produced by the finest carpenters on the continent using the rare wood of the Venorean marsh willow!  
Player: Marsh willow  
Gamon: You can't get any better wood in this world. And it has got a nice smell to it, too. There is nothing nicer than a marsh willow campfire.  
Player: King  
Gamon: His Royal Highness will start to appreciate the superior quality of our stock soon enough!  
Player: Name  
Gamon: My friends call me Gamon. My fans call me the incredible Gammy!  
Player: Quest  
Gamon: A quest?! Who needs quests when there is interior decorating!  
Player: Smiling  
Gamon: Yes! Smiling! How a professional sales artist such as myself is supposed to work in such an atmosphere is beyond me!  
Player: Tibia  
Gamon: Tibia is a wonderful place full of business opportunities.  
Player: Time  
Gamon: Any time's a good time to buy some furniture.  
Player: Twins  
Gamon: Ah, those twins. Strange people they are (*sigh*). Oh, they are great work with, of course. Excellent quality, competetive prices! But well... (whispers) they give me creeps!  
Player: Watching  
Gamon: Look! They are doing it again! And they are always smiling!  
Player: Castle  
Gamon: I've said it a thousand times! That place needs a complete refurbishing!  
Player: Thais  
Gamon: Thais is obsessed with its past. Everybody here is so proud of their history. Bah! Thais might have a long history, but it has no idea when it comes to interior decoration.  
Player: Venore  
Gamon: The place where it all happens. That town really rocks! Thais could learn a lot about interior decoration from Venore!  
Player: Bye  
Gamon: You'll come back. They all do.  
