Player: Hi
Gorn: Oh, please come in, Player. What do you need?
Player: Name
Gorn: I am Gorn. My goods are known all over Tibia.
Player: Job
Gorn: I am selling equipment of all kinds. Do you need anything?
Player: Time
Gorn: It is exactly 3:30 pm. Maybe you want to buy a watch?
Player: news
Gorn: Taxes will increase soon, so buy as much as you can right now.
Player: offer / goods / sell / buy / equipment / book
Gorn: My inventory of general goods and paperware is large, ask me for a trade to take a look.
Player: trade
Gorn: Of course, just browse through my wares. Footballs have to be purchased separately.
Player: ammunition / bow / crossbow / arrow / bolt
Gorn: Galuna sells them now in her own shop. Go and ask her about that.
Player: galuna
Gorn: In the past she delivered all the bows and arrows to me. She has now her own shop at the paladin guild.
Player: king / Tibianus
Gorn: The king supports Tibia's economy a lot.
Player: army
Gorn: Armies are too hierarchical for my taste.
Player: general
Gorn: I don't like titles.
Player: fluid
Gorn: Find the magic shop.
Player: Magic
Gorn: Magic? Ask a sorcerer or druid about that.
Player: Druids / marvik
Gorn: This druids are nice people, you will find them in the east of the town.
Player: Knights / gregor
Gorn: Even the strong knights need my equipment on their travels though Tibia.
Player: Sorcerers / muriel
Gorn: You can find Muriel in the sorcerer guild.
Player: Paladins / Elane
Gorn: Elane is the leader of the paladin guild.
Player: Baxter
Gorn: Old Baxter was a rowdy, once. In our youth we shared some adventures and women.
Player: Bozo
Gorn: Bah! Go away with this bozo guy.
Player: Frodo
Gorn: Frodo is a jolly fellow.
Player: Ferumbras
Gorn: We had a clash or two in the old days.
Player: lynda
Gorn: That's a pretty one. Men tend to buy her all kinds of presents to win her affection. I have no clue what she might like, though.
Player: McRonald / sherry / donald
Gorn: I hardly know the McRonalds.
Player: Oswald
Gorn: This Oswald has not enough to work and too much time to spread rumours.
Player: Quentin
Gorn: He advices newcomers to buy at my store. I love that guy!
Player: Sam
Gorn: Strong as an ox, could armwrestle a minotaur, I bet.
Player: Xodet
Gorn: He owns the magic shop here. But be aware: The prices are enormous.
Player: harkath bloodblade
Gorn: I hardly know him.
Player: lugri
Gorn: Never heard that name.
Player: eclesius
Gorn: I sometimes see him from afar, but he never makes it as far as my store, usually stops at Frodo's hut.
Player: the first dragon
Gorn: It's told that some hero killed him and absorbed his power.
Player: Bye
Gorn: Good bye.
