Player: hi (knight)
Gregor: Welcome home, Knight Player!
Player: hi (other vocations)
Gregor: Greetings, Player. What do you want?
Player: Name
Gregor: You are joking, eh? Of course, you know me. I am Gregor, the first knight.
Player: gregor
Gregor: A great name, isn't it?
Player: Job
Gregor: I am the first knight. I trained some of the greatest heroes of Tibia.
Player: Heroes
Gregor: Of course, you heard of them. Knights are the best fighters in Tibia.
Player: Time
Gregor: It is time to join the Knights!
Player: news
Gregor: Times of war are at hand.
Player: Tibia
Gregor: Beautiful Tibia. And with our help everyone is save.
Player: King / tibianus
Gregor: Hail to our King!
Player: army
Gregor: I personally taught many of the guards.
Player: general
Gregor: General Harkath Bloodblade, a rolemodel.
Player: harkath bloodblade
Gregor: One of Tibia's greatest warriors and strategists.
Player: Spell
Gregor: I have spells for all magic levels up to level 3. In what level do you want to learn a spell?
Player: spell
Gregor: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.
Player: vocation
Gregor: Your vocation is your profession. There are four vocations in Tibia: Knights, paladins, sorcerers, and druids.
Player: Knights
Gregor: Knights are the warriors of Tibia. Without us, no one would be safe. Every brave and strong man or woman can join us.
Player: spellbook
Gregor: In a spellbook, your spells are listed. There you will find the pronunciation of each spell. If you want to buy one, visit Muriel, the sorcerer.
Player: Bozo
Gregor: Some day someone will make something happen to him...
Player: Elane
Gregor: A bow might be a fine weapon for someone not strong enough to wield a REAL weapon.
Player: Frodo
Gregor: I and my students often share a cask of beer or wine at Frodo's hut.
Player: Gorn
Gregor: Always concerned with his profit. What a loss! He was adventuring with Baxter in the old days.
Player: Baxter
Gregor: He was an adventurer once.
Player: Lynda
Gregor: Before she became a priest she won the Miss Tibia contest three times in a row.
Player: McRonald / sherry / donald
Gregor: Peaceful farmers.
Player: Ferumbras
Gregor: A fine game to hunt. But be careful, he cheats!
Player: Muriel
Gregor: Bah, go away with these sorcerer tricks. Only cowards use tricks.
Player: marvik
Gregor: Old Marvik saved life and limb of many of my boys and girls.
Player: Oswald
Gregor: What an idiot.
Player: Quentin
Gregor: I will never understand this peaceful monks and priests.
Player: Sam
Gregor: He has the muscles, but lacks the guts.
Player: eclesius
Gregor: Now what would I have to do with a sorcerer? I have no need to talk to sorcerers.
Player: lugri
Gregor: If he had some guts he would fight for what he's talking about.
Player: ferumbras
Gregor: A fine game to hunt. But be careful, he cheats!
Player: excalibug
Gregor: Many brave warriors died on the quest to find that fabled weapon.
Player: the first dragon
Gregor: I heard he moved to a dungeon.
Player: behemoth fangs
Gregor: You're not serious asking that, are you? They come from behemoths, of course. Unless there are behemoth rabbits. Duh.
Player: ramsay the reckless
Gregor: These pesky apes steal everything they can get their dirty hands on.
Player: warriors sweat
Gregor: Warrior's sweat can be magically extracted from headgear worn by a true warrior, but only in small amounts. Djinns are said to be good at magical extractions.
Player: royal steel
Gregor: Royal steel can only be refined by very skilled smiths.
Player: adorned helmet / outfit (quest)
Gregor: Only the bravest warriors may wear adorned helmets. They are traditionally awarded after having completed a difficult task for our guild.
Player: task
Gregor: You've already completed the task and can consider yourself a mighty warrior, Player.
Player: Task
Gregor: You mean, you would like to prove that you deserve to wear such a helmet?
Player: Yes
Gregor: Well then, listen closely. First, you will have to prove that you are a fierce and restless warrior by bringing me 100 perfect behemoth fangs. ...
Gregor: Secondly, please retrieve a helmet for us which has been lost a long time ago. The famous Ramsay the Reckless wore it when exploring an ape settlement. ...
Gregor: Third, we need a new flask of warrior's sweat. We've run out of it recently, but we need a small amount for the show battles in our arena. ...
Gregor: Lastly, I will have our smith refine your helmet if you bring me royal steel, an especially noble metal. ...
Gregor: Did you understand everything I told you and are willing to handle this task?
Player: Yes
Gregor: Alright then. Come back to me once you have collected 100 perfect behemoth fangs.
Player: Behemoth fangs
Gregor: Have you really managed to fulfil the task and brought me 100 perfect behemoth fangs?
Player: Yes
Gregor: I'm deeply impressed, (brave Knight) Player. (Even if you are not a knight, you certainly possess knight qualities.) Now, please retrieve Ramsay's helmet.
Player: Ramsay the Reckless Helmet
Gregor: Did you recover the helmet of Ramsay the Reckless?
Player: Yes
Gregor: Good work, (brave Knight) Player! Even though it is damaged, it has a lot of sentimental value. Now, please bring me warrior's sweat.
Player: Warrior's sweat
Gregor: Were you able to get hold of a flask with pure warrior's sweat?
Player: Yes
Gregor: Now that is a pleasant surprise, (brave Knight) Player! There is only one task left now: Obtain royal steel to have your helmet refined.
Player: Royal steel
Gregor: Ah, have you brought the royal steel?
Player: Yes
Gregor: You truly deserve to wear an adorned helmet, (brave Knight) Player. Please talk to Sam and tell him I sent you. I'm sure he will be glad to refine your helmet.
Player: Bye
Gregor: Be careful on your journeys.
