Player: hi  
Lost Traveler: Holy logic, it's YOU!!!  
Player: you  
Lost Traveler: Oh, ...  
Lost Traveler: I mean it's not like you're are anyone important or I'm interfering with the time stream!  
Player: time / job  
Lost Traveler: Oh, well. I might be a stranded time traveller that would appreciate your help.  
Player: help  
Lost Traveler: My chronoflux compensator accidentality run out of charges and I'm kind of stranded here unless I find a way to recharge it.  
Player: recharge  
Lost Traveler: I really need your help in locating other time travellers and extract time particles from them.  
Player: chronoflux  
Lost Traveler: I can't tell you anything more. I really don't want to mess up with the time stream ...  
Lost Traveler: again.  
Player: again  
Lost Traveler: I'm certainly more careful ...  
Lost Traveler: especially after that Ferumbras incident.  
Player: ferumbras  
Lost Traveler: Oh, don't even ask!  
Player: locating  
Lost Traveler: I can provide you with a divining rod that should be able to locate time travellers with active particles on them.  
Player: provide  
Lost Traveler: The equipment you need will be created by the chronomatic dispenser right next to me. It works roughly only once each day, so take care with the equipment.  
Player: travellers  
Lost Traveler: As we are currently in a very interesting time period of tibia there should be an abundance of other tourists that you can locate and extract time particles from.  
Player: locate  
Lost Traveler: I can provide you with a divining rod that should be able to locate time travellers with active particles on them.  
Player: extract  
Lost Traveler: I can supply you with a sophisticated device that can extract time particles from time travelling tourists and transfer them directly to my time travelling device.  
Player: supply  
Lost Traveler: The equipment you need will be created by the chronomatic dispenser right next to me. It works roughly only once each day, so take care with the equipment.  
Player: particles  
Lost Traveler: I can supply you with a sophisticated device that can extract time particles from time travelling tourists and transfer them directly to my time travelling device.  
