Player: Hi  
Marvik: Welcome to my cave, Player. How may I help you?  
Player: Army  
Marvik: I don't care about armies.  
Player: Job  
Marvik: I am the chief druid. I am responsible for all members.  
Player: Druid  
Marvik: I am a druid. Druids concentrate their magic on defence, healing, and nature.  
Player: Magic / Power  
Marvik: Everyone who joins the Druids has the opportunity to learn many magic spells.  
Player: Spells  
Marvik: Sorry, I only sell spells to druids.  
Player: Members  
Marvik: Our members use their magic power to protect their life and the life of other creatures.  
Player: Ng / Tibianus  
Marvik: Kings come and go.  
Player: Name  
Marvik: I am Marvik. Probably you heard from me.  
Player: Marvik  
Marvik: Marvik is my name, so what?  
Player: Time  
Marvik: Eh, I haven't seen daylight for a long time. So, don't ask me, what time it is.  
Player: Sorcerers  
Marvik: Sorcerers are very aggressive. They use their power for fighting and killing.  
Player: Excalibug  
Marvik: Even in my visions, I couldn't get any enlightenment about the whereabouts of this weapon of legend.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Marvik: A misguided follower of evil.  
Player: Crunor  
Marvik: Crunor, the eternal tree, is more than nature. Even more as the sum of each part of nature.  
Player: Baxter  
Marvik: I don't know him.  
Player: Bozo  
Marvik: I don't like his kind of humour.  
Player: Donald McRonald  
Marvik: The McRonalds are true believers.  
Player: Elane  
Marvik: Paladins are quite proud of their magic but lack the understandig of the powers they wield.  
Player: Frodo  
Marvik: A little more seriousity would suite him well.  
Player: Gorn  
Marvik: A shopkeeper.  
Player: Gregor  
Marvik: Warriors are the main recipients of our healing powers.  
Player: Harkath Bloodblade  
Marvik: I understand, he's a warrior of some kind.  
Player: Lynda  
Marvik: Though she focuses not only on Crunor, she is an enlightened person.  
Player: Muriel  
Marvik: So much power and so little philosophy ... a dangerous combination indeed.  
Player: Oswald  
Marvik: He saws the seeds of evil through spreading rumours.  
Player: Quentin  
Marvik: He is a great healer.  
Player: Sam  
Marvik: An armourer.  
Player: Lugri  
Marvik: A misguided soul who lost the path in the darkness.  
Player: Bye  
Marvik: Farewell.  
