Player: hi / hello
Miles, The Guard: LONG LIVE THE KING!

Player: KING / leader / tibianus
Miles, The Guard: Tibianus III is our beloved king! He resides in the castle in the north west of the city.

Player: city
Miles, The Guard: Behave while in the city or we get you! Do you want to know where to find a shop or a guild?

Player: shop
Miles, The Guard: There's a smith, a provisioner, and a tavern.

Player: guild
Miles, The Guard: In the city you will find the guildhouses of the knights, paladins, druids, and sorcerers.

Player: smith / sam / armor / weapon
Miles, The Guard: Sam is our blacksmith. You'll find him north of the main crossroads. His shop is to the left.

Player: provisioner / gorn
Miles, The Guard: Gorn is our provisioner. You'll find him north of the main crossroads. His shop is to the right.

Player: tavern / frodo
Miles, The Guard: Frodo runs the local tavern. You'll find it at the main crossroads to the north-west.

Player: knights / gregor
Miles, The Guard: The high knight of the knights' guild. It is in north-east of the town.

Player: paladins / elane
Miles, The Guard: Elane is responsible for the local paladins' guild. It's in the west of the town, directly south of the post office.

Player: druids
Miles, The Guard: Marvik is the great druid of the local guild. You'll find him by climbing up the citywalls at the east.

Player: sorcerers / muriel
Miles, The Guard: Muriel is the head of the local sorcerers' guild. You'll find it in the south-west of the city.

Player: job
Miles, The Guard: It's my duty to protect the city.

Player: army
Miles, The Guard: Of course we guards are members of the army.

Player: guard
Miles, The Guard: I am a guard and proud of it.

Player: marvik / druid
Miles, The Guard: Marvik is the great druid of the local guild. You'll find him by climbing up the citywalls at the east.

Player: ass / fuck / shit / idiot / stupid / homophobic word / lunatic / tyrant
Miles, The Guard: Take this!

Player: banor
Miles, The Guard: Praise Banor! May the great warrior be with us!

Player: baxter
Miles, The Guard: He is a role model for us.

Player: battlegroups
Miles, The Guard: Ask higher officials about that, please.

Player: benjamin / post
Miles, The Guard: Benjamin was a brave fighter. He runs the post office in the west of the city.

Player: bloodblade
Miles, The Guard: The royal general. A warrior worth Banor's blessings.

Player: bozo
Miles, The Guard: The royal jester.

Player: castle
Miles, The Guard: The castle is at the west of the city.

Player: depot
Miles, The Guard: The depot is at the post office in the west of the city.

Player: sell
Miles, The Guard: Visit Tibia's shopkeepers to buy their fine wares.

Player: dogs of war
Miles, The Guard: Brave warriors, indeed.

Player: first dragon
Miles, The Guard: He was slain long ago.

Player: general
Miles, The Guard: The royal general. A warrior worth Banor's blessings.

Player: harsky / stutch
Miles, The Guard: He is a soldier in the silver guard.

Player: silver guard
Miles, The Guard: Only the best of the best serve as silver guards.

Player: how are you?
Miles, The Guard: I am healthy and vigilant.

Player: news
Miles, The Guard: I am busy. Please ask the citizens for news.

Player: scum
Miles, The Guard: We will get rid of all scum.

Player: trouble
Miles, The Guard: I don't feel like chatting.

Player: bye / farewell
Miles, The Guard: LONG LIVE THE KING
