Player: hi
Sherry McRonald: Hello Player! Welcome to our humble farm. If you need food, just ask me for a trade.
Player: hi
Sherry McRonald: Today is just a day like any other - much farmwork to be done.
Player: name
Sherry McRonald: I am Sherry McRonald.
Player: job
Sherry McRonald: I and my husband run this farm.
Player: time
Sherry McRonald: Sorry, I don't have a watch.
Player: offer / buy / food / sell / wares / goods / equpiment
Sherry McRonald: I can offer you cheese, cherries, pumpkins and melons. I also buy bread. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Sherry McRonald: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: husband
Sherry McRonald: My husband Donald is busy on the fields almost all night and day.
Player: weather
Sherry McRonald: The weather is the best friend and the worst enemy of a farmer.
Player: farm
Sherry McRonald: It is a hard work, but the city needs us.
Player: city
Sherry McRonald: The city needs our crops.
Player: crops
Sherry McRonald: It's hard to harvest it, carry it to the mill in the north and make flour. If you can bake some bread I will buy it for 2 gold.
Player: fields
Sherry McRonald: The druids helped us by placing a blessing on our fields.
Player: mill
Sherry McRonald: The miller is a lazy fellow and afraid of his own mill, because he thinks it is spooked.
Player: spooked
Sherry McRonald: I don't know for sure. The miller claims that his mill is threatened by some monsters sometimes.
Player: king / Tibianus
Sherry McRonald: King Tibianus granted us this farm to earn a living.
Player: monsters / spider / help
Sherry McRonald: Spiders infested the sewers beneath our farm. We need some help to exterminate them. My husband pays a reward for killed spiders.
Player: Elane / gregor / marvik / muriel
Sherry McRonald: We a mere peasants and don't know much about the guild leaders.
Player: Frodo
Sherry McRonald: He is a friend of my husband.
Player: Gorn
Sherry McRonald: He doesn't talk much to us.
Player: Lynda
Sherry McRonald: She is sooo charming. I can't believe she is not married yet! Have you met her?
Player: Oswald
Sherry McRonald: This lazy fellow has nothing better to do than to spread rumours.
Player: harkath bloodblade
Sherry McRonald: He is an impressive warrior as far as I can tell.
Player: Quentin
Sherry McRonald: What a nice person he is.
Player: Sam
Sherry McRonald: He is too busy to care much about farmers like us.
Player: eclesius
Sherry McRonald: Oh, he's a nice old man. He often comes and buys our goods. I haven't seen him since a while though.
Player: lynda
Sherry McRonald: She is sooo charming. I can't believe she is not married yet! Have you met her?
Player: no
Sherry McRonald: Oh, if you say so.
Player: yes (female)
Sherry McRonald: She really should find a husband with ease! If you know a bachelor, introduce him to her.
Player: yes (male)
Sherry McRonald: She really should find a husband with ease! You should ask her for a date.
Player: bye
Sherry McRonald: Grace our home with another visit soon, Player.
Sherry McRonald: What a strange person.
