We have recently unearthed a cult of people who were seemingly demon worshipers. After chasing leads from the local underworld, we managed to follow certain individuals to a secret meeting spot. Since we could not successfully infiltrate the secret society and lost two good men in the process, we decided to solve the matter with brute force. We stocked up the ranks of the city guard with several soldiers. We were confident not to meet any significant resistance due to our authority and sheer numbers. That proved to be fatally wrong for several of our men, though. Through investigation, we had deduced a good time for a decisive strike that would catch the cult in the midst of one of its meetings. Shortly before midnight, we breached the doors of their hideout in the wilds. Two armed guardians in robes fell swiftly. We immediately proceeded deeper into the lair, following the sounds of chanted incantations. That was when things began to go wrong. Some of the men in the vanguard began to stumble and became slower. We still pressed forward eagerly, discounting the irritation to the thick, aromatic fumes that ascended the tunnel from the gathering hall. When we reached the main room, our eyes were full of tears from the heavy smoke. The cultists seemed unaffected. When I loudly announced to them who we were and that they were under arrest, silence dropped. I was sure they would surrender now but suddenly, there was this scream. I don't know who screamed first but a heartbeat later others joined. The whole cavern vibrated from the insane screaming and I saw some of my men dropping their weapons to cover their ears. Then the cultists threw themselves against us in a single screaming mass of hands and daggers. They disregarded sanity and safety; the first wave impaled themselves on the weapons of the soldiers. But that did not even stop them. In hindsight, I'd say they weren't undead or something like that. They just seemed to refuse to die. Driven by insanity and rage, soldiers who knew their trade were killed with bare hands in horrific manners. Some lost their nerves and fled. Yet, others seemed to succumb to a madness that rivaled that of the cultists and started stabbing friend and enemy alike. As I managed to re-establish formation, things got gradually better and in the end, we gained the upper hand. Yet, all cultists lay dead and many of my men had been killed and not even one was without an injury. Later, we examined the corpses and several cultists were identified as local traders and craftsmen. None of them had been suspicious or had any criminal background. After searching their lair, we found evidence that it had been a rather newly established cult. How they had managed to induce so much fanaticism is a riddle to me. Disturbingly, some of the rooms had been built to house something HUGE. It was clear that those were rather living rooms or cells than storage rooms. What all this means, I only can wonder. some of the rooms had been built to house something HUGE. It was clear that those were rather living rooms or cells than storage rooms. What all this means, I only can wonder. some of the rooms had been built to house something HUGE. It was clear that those were rather living rooms or cells than storage rooms. What all this means, I only can wonder.