Player: hi
Gnomevisor: Hello! I've been expecting you.
Player: name
Gnomevisor: I'm gnomevisor.
Player: job
Gnomevisor: I'm the current head of the gnomish operations in this area.
Player: dwarf
Gnomevisor: Dwarfs have been our allies for quite a while now.
Player: gnome
Gnomevisor: We gnomes are masters of growing and working crystals and we also mastered the raising of a variety of mushrooms for different purposes.
Player: mushrooms
Gnomevisor: In the last century mushrooms have become more and more important for producing raw materials and tools and less important for sustenance.
Player: global warming
Gnomevisor: Those below are heating up the earth. Probably to burn everything but themselves.
Player: those below
Gnomevisor: The more we learn about them, the more it becomes clear how little we know.
Player: crystals
Gnomevisor: Ah you are amazed by our crystals, aren't you? Well, you have only seen a tiny fraction of what they are able to do.
Player: sky
Gnomevisor: The sky is a somewhat frightening concept to us gnomes.
Player: surface
Gnomevisor: For all I heard it has to be a place of incredible poverty! They say people there are so poor, that they even are often out of doors!
Player: thais
Gnomevisor: We have established a teleport outpost somewhere near the city, although not many gnomes use it at the moment to visit this strange city.
Player: splinters
Gnomevisor: You can earn crystal splinters by helping my fellow gnomes with their scientific research! We have established missions in the area to gain more knowledge and extract crystal splinters.
Player: missions
Gnomevisor: To get to our research missions, you need a protective layer that can be build up by harvesting the energy the monsters in the areas set free when dying.
Player: layer
Gnomevisor: Since the ancient teleporters that take you to our research missions take a toll on everyone that uses them, make sure you harvested enough energy to use them.
Player: bye
Gnomevisor: Keep up your good work, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Gnomevisor: Take care!
