Player: hi
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Who goes there? What do you disturb the quiet of the abyss for?
Player: name
Guardian of the Deep Seas: I am the Guardian of the Deep Seas. Once, as a human, I was known as Captain Blight. But that is not who I am any longer, now.
Player: job
Guardian of the Deep Seas: I am the Guardian of the Deep Seas. I watch over the grounds and the spirits that dwell here.
Player: something
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Well, tell me about your mission and I will tell you your worth.
Player: mission
Guardian of the Deep Seas: You already helped the Deep Seas find peace. Nothing is required of you at this time. You may come and go as you please.
Player: mr brandon
Guardian of the Deep Seas: He was not a bad sort until the booze ruined him. A little greedy, trying to make a fortune on the quiet. That sealed his fate. So now he's sentenced to servitude for a long, long time.
Player: seacrest
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Beautiful and fierce creatures. Beloved by the people who lived under sea a long, long time ago. Sacred animals, to be hunted sparingly lest it should provoke the wrath of the Fire-Feathered Serpent.
Player: serpent
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The Fire-Feathered Serpent twitches in its sleep, yet has not awoken. But it may. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: And when it has, then it will have to be beseeched. You will have to wait until then.
Player: beseech
Guardian of the Deep Seas: It is too late for that now. Or too early - the Fire-Feathered Serpent twitches in its sleep, yet has not awoken. But it may. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: And when it has, only then can it be beseeched. So you will have to wait for the worst to come before you can mend it.
Player: gold
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The gold you see at the bottom of the sea is not meant for any man. The Dark Powers of the sea have claimed it as theirs. To touch it - or steal it - means certain doom and an eternity of penance.
Player: powers
Guardian of the Deep Seas: They are secretive. Maybe they once guarded the ruins, the people who lived there. Or maybe it's the souls of these people that haunts this place. Anyway. It's all in the dark, now.
Player: worthy
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Ha! Why should I believe you? I was a human, once. I know their art, their guile. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: It was Brandon who condemned me to this form. I see no reason to help him. The cursed gold he took was paid for with his wedding ring and his banishment into the world of shadows and ghosts.
Player: this
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Hear then what happened. Years and years ago, I was captain of the fishing boat 'Beneficence', and we were out to fish in the cliffs. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The mist grew thicker and thicker, and we thought we had best wait until it lifted a little, lest we should run aground on the cliffs of Oramond. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Then the lookout yelled he'd seen a ship, right before us. Indeed, a black galleon rocked in the waves straight before our bow! ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: We hailed her, but no-one answered - the ship was deserted and still as a tomb. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: When I boarded it with my men, we found no sign of any crew - only abandoned chests of eerily shimmering gold, and everything overgrown with seaweeds and corals, as if the ship had come up from great depths. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: I felt that we should best leave the ship as we found it, but my men disagreed. Brandon was one of the loudest to claim the gold for himself, and fights broke out as the men squabbled over the most valuable pieces. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Only a few of my loyal men withstood the lure of the gold, and we tried to calm the others down, but in vain. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The others turned on us and tied us to the main mast, taking all the gold off to the Beneficence, leaving us behind. As soon as the Beneficence was out of sight, a horrible storm broke loose. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The water boiled and roiled, and giant maned sea serpents came up beside our ship, flogged the sea with their tails, roared and thrashed about and then pursued the Beneficence. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: We heard the terrified screams of the Beneficence' crew, the horrible roar of the seacrest serpents, and the splintering of wood. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: And then giant tentacles like tree trunks gripped the ghost ship and took her down, taking us down, down with it into the black, horrible cold of the sea. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The water rang in my ears, and my heart ached. Lead seemed to fill my lungs, I could not breathe. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Something, I don't know what, came up to me and asked me for my choice - eternal torment or many lifetimes of servitude until the Dark Powers would be appeased and let me die. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: I chose the latter, and am now the Guardian of the Deep Seas. Assist me, or leave.
Player: wedding ring
Guardian of the Deep Seas: It binds his soul and so was kept to punish him. If it is returned to him, maybe eternity will not seem so dark to him. But then, why should he deserve clemency for his repeated failures.
Player: altars
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Many altars from different times line the long of the Serpent. Many worshipped or feared or sought to control the Serpent's power. And so it is still. All the people have come and gone, but the Serpent remains.
Player: orb
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The sacred orbs hold the hunger of the Serpent in check. If they are stolen or unmade, the Serpent will be unleashed from its prison beyond time and light and come to devour the world. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: This is the wisdom of the people who lived here long ago. The sacred powers of life and light, earth and death they made into the orbs. ...
Guardian of the Deep Seas: The Everhungry Altar was built to hold the orbs, to fetter the Serpent in its dreams. But if its fitful sleep is troubled too much, the Serpent awakens and loosens its chains to bring death and despair.
Player: bye
Guardian of the Deep Seas: Yes, leave this place!