Player: hi  
Lorietta: Hi there, Player! What do you need?  
Player: name  
Lorietta: My name is Lorietta. But why do you ask? I knew your name without asking. Guess how!  
Player: need / job  
Lorietta: I guess I'm the local priest! They said only a priest of Kurik would be crazy enough to try spreading the faith in this town. And I tell you what: They have been soooo right!  
Player: priest  
Lorietta: Oh, we heal people and ... and ... do other nice stuff. You know?!  
Player: heal / help  
Lorietta: You do not need any healing right now.  
Player: Kurik  
Lorietta: Kurik is the patron saint of jesters, fools, and inventors. This might sound strange, but do you know any inventor that isn't also a fool to some extent, and don't you think jesters are quite inventive?  
Player: yalahar  
Lorietta: In its golden age, this city must have been a joy for Kurik's eye. Even today you can still see some of its former glory here and there.  
Player: yalahari  
Lorietta: They must have been great inventors in the past. Nowadays not much of that is left. I guess they were foolish enough to let things slide.  
Player: vampire  
Lorietta: As long as I don't invite them into my temple I'll be fine.  
Player: palimuth  
Lorietta: He's a bit too boring for my taste.  
Player: tibia  
Lorietta: Tibia is quite big, isn't it?  
Player: adventurer's stone  
Lorietta: Keep your adventurer's stone well.  
Player: blood crystal  
Lorietta: Ehehehe! A blood crystal? You must be a fool looking for one. I like fools. Why don't you check the cultist hideout in the magician quarter?  
Player: god  
Lorietta: The gods created all.  
Player: life  
Lorietta: Life can be a cruel joke sometimes.  
Player: people  
Lorietta: People come, people go.  
Player: ashes / blessing  
Lorietta: Whenever you receive a lethal wound, your vital force is damaged and there is a chance that you lose some of your equipment. With every single of the five blessings you have, this damage and chance of loss will be reduced.  
Player: blessings  
Lorietta: There are five blessings available in five sacred places: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude. Additionally, you can receive the twist of fate here. ...  
Lorietta: There are also two enhanced blessings for further reduction of experience loss.  
Player: cookie  
Lorietta: Oh, nonono, but thank you!  
Player: excalibug  
Lorietta: If I were a hero, I'd rather search for the screwdriver of Kurik.  
Player: plant  
Lorietta: My preferred plant is salad.  
Player: monster  
Lorietta: Hey! You are not a beauty yourself!  
Player: news  
Lorietta: I'm only interested in new jokes, but I haven't heard any lately.  
Player: sacred places  
Lorietta: Just ask in which of the five blessings you are interested in.  
Player: farewell / bye  
Lorietta: Bye bye, Player!  
