Player: hi  
Oiriz: Hi! How nice of you to visit my gem shop!  
Player: kazordoon  
Oiriz: Back home there was too much competition for an old dwarf like me. I prefer a peaceful life with enough time for my stuff.  
Player: shop  
Oiriz: It's a shame that I have to sell my precious gems to igno.. uhm customers who might not appreciate their value.  
Player: sell / buy / offer / stuff / ware / equipment / goods  
Oiriz: Well, I sell gems and goblets. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: goblets  
Oiriz: Ah, our newest import! We have golden goblets, silver goblets and bronze goblets. All of them have space for a hand-written dedication.  
Player: yalahar  
Oiriz: This city has turned into an uncut diamond over the centuries. Perhaps one day someone will come and cut it.  
Player: vampire  
Oiriz: I heard they appreciate beauty, even though they are beasts.  
Player: gems  
Oiriz: You can buy and sell small diamonds, sapphires, rubies, emeralds and amethysts or sell topazes.  
Player: yalahari  
Oiriz: They are as rare as the most valuable gems. Yet, I can't say they are as much in demand as jewels.  
Player: name  
Oiriz: I'm Oiriz Stonedigger.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Oiriz: Plagues and destruction hold this quarter in a firm grip. Not many of the people who went there looking for treasures have ever returned.  
Player: magician quarter  
Oiriz: Well, it seems those magicians really messed things up.  
Player: trade quarter  
Oiriz: Humans come, humans go. Considering the shortness of a human's life span, I wouldn't bother much about a crime lord in this quarter.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Oiriz: They have quite rough attitudes in this quarter. You'll only earn respect if you fight for it...  
Player: sunken quarter  
Oiriz: This quarter is way too wet as that any dwarf with some self-esteem would care about.  
Player: arena quarter  
Oiriz: Those gladiators have an even worse temper than a drunken dwarf. And a drunken dwarf has quite a bad temper, I tell you.  
Player: pearl  
Oiriz: There are white and black pearls you can buy or sell, as well as giant green and brown pearls which you can sell.  
Player: blood crystal  
Oiriz: Haha, they are not meant to be owned by ordinary humans. Sorry, but no.  
Player: cookies  
Oiriz: I'm not a fan of sweets.  
Player: factory quarter  
Oiriz: I guess the technomancers back in Kazordoon would love all those machines.  
Player: jewel  
Oiriz: Currently you can purchase wedding rings, golden amulets, and ruby necklaces. We also buy gold ingots.  
Player: job  
Oiriz: Selling only the finest jewels!  
Player: talon  
Oiriz: We don't trade with them.  
Player: trade  
Oiriz: Here, take a look.  
Player: bye  
Oiriz: Good bye! Always remember where to buy the best gems and jewellery in the world!  
