Player: hi  
Dorbin: Hello, Player! Welcome to my furniture store. I hope you are interested in a trade!  
Player: name  
Dorbin: I'm Dorbin.  
Player: job  
Dorbin: I sell furniture. We own this store in the third generation.  
Player: yalahar  
Dorbin: The city looks like a mess but new furniture here and there would work wonders, believe me.  
Player: trade  
Dorbin: Have a look. Most furniture comes in handy kits. Just use them in your house to assemble the furniture. Do you want to see only a certain type of furniture?  
Player: type  
Dorbin: I have beds, chairs, containers, decoration, flowers, instruments, pillows, pottery, statues, tapestries and tables. Which of those would you like to see?  
Player: vampire  
Dorbin: Well, sigh. It's not funny to live in a city that is under frequent attack by vampires.  
Player: yalahari  
Dorbin: They are too elitist to buy my wares. I doubt they find any better quality, though.  
Player: orc  
Dorbin: Ah you noticed my little helper? Well, if you train them at a young age, they are quite helpful. Still, I have to keep an eye on him. Until now his use outweighed the stuff he has smashed.  
Player: offer / goods / ware / stuff / equipment / buy / sell / furniture  
Dorbin: Well, as you can see, we sell furniture. Ask me for a trade if you're interested.  
Player: alchemist quarter  
Dorbin: It was probably just luck that those mad alchemists did not blow up the whole city.  
Player: arena quarter  
Dorbin: As if it had not been bad enough that this quarter was run over by madmen, these madmen were armed to the teeth.  
Player: foreign quarter  
Dorbin: One day, these monsters will unite and attack us.  
Player: sunken quarter  
Dorbin: For a while flotsam was quite popular as decor, but by now there are only a few pieces left.  
Player: magician quarter  
Dorbin: I don't want to deal with these strange guys wearing robes.  
Player: factory quarter  
Dorbin: I doubt that any factory could replace the carpentry skill me and my assistants have acquired.  
Player: blood crystal  
Dorbin: I agree, that would be a nice decoration object. Unfortunately I don't sell them.  
Player: cookies  
Dorbin: You can toss some cookies to my little helper over there. But don't stick your finger in.  
Player: news  
Dorbin: I just reduced all prices drastically.  
Player: palimuth  
Dorbin: He seems to be quite nice and reasonable.  
Player: time  
Dorbin: It is 2:42 am.  
Player: farewell / bye  
Dorbin: Good bye, Player.  
