Player: hi  
Vincent: Hello, Player. If you are interested in distance weapons or ammunition, ask me for a trade.  
Player: job  
Vincent: I sell things that make your life in the city safer. My bows, crossbows, and ammunition are the best you can get.  
Player: name  
Vincent: For you I'm Vincent. That will have to do.  
Player: yalahar  
Vincent: In its golden age, this city must have been a joy for Kurik's eye. Even today you can still see some of its former glory here and there.  
Player: yalahari  
Vincent: They must have been great inventors in the past. Nowadays not much of that is left. I guess they were foolish enough to let things slide.  
Player: vampire  
Vincent: Why do you think I've built this defensive fortification?!  
Player: buy / sell / offer / stuff / goods / ware  
Vincent: My offers are bows, crossbows and ammunition. If you'd like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Vincent: Of course, just browse through my wares.  
Player: arrows  
Vincent: I have normal arrows, sniper arrows, flaming arrows, shiver arrows, flash arrows, earth arrows and onyx arrows used with bows. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: bolt  
Vincent: I have bolts, piercing bolts and power bolts used with crossbows.  
Player: weapons  
Vincent: What use does a sword, an axe, or a mace have when the guy you are fighting kills you with a few well-placed shots? Distance weapons are the better choice, I tell you!  
Player: distance  
Vincent: Well, I sell spears, bows, crossbows and ammunition for distance fighting. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: bow  
Vincent: I don't buy used bows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: crossbow  
Vincent: I don't buy used crossbows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.  
Player: blood crystal  
Vincent: What's that supposed to be? Anyway, I don't sell it.  
Player: fletcher  
Vincent: I sell things that make your life in the city safer. My bows, crossbows, and ammunition are the best you can get.  
Player: palimuth  
Vincent: I don't want others to talk about me, and I also don't talk about others. Easiest way to stay out of trouble.  
Player: cookie  
Vincent: I don't trust strangers enough to take food from them.  
Player: spear  
Vincent: Yes, I sell spears. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.  
Player: farewell / bye  
Vincent: Good bye.  
