Mordecai: Now where did Alaistar put the wood for the new wands?
Mordecai: Wands and rods, the true magician's weapons of choice!
Mordecai: Perhaps I need to bake them hotter? Or was it longer?
Mordecai: Come in, young mages! Purchase the latest in runes and wands!
Mordecai: Hmmm.. Maybe those crushed gems caused the strange side effect?
Player: hi
Mordecai: Welcome to the magic emporium, child. Ask me for a trade if you need runes, wands, or spellbooks.
Player: name
Mordecai: I am professor Mordecai Stanton.
Player: job
Mordecai: I craft runes and wands and sell magical equipment of all sorts here in our humble establishment. <bows>
Player: offer
Mordecai: Indeed! Ask me for a trade to choose from my wares.
Player: trade
Mordecai: Choose wisely! Or maybe you want to look only at wands or runes?
Player: wands
Mordecai: Naturally. You can also look at runes.
Player: runes
Mordecai: Naturally. You can also look at wands.
Player: no
Mordecai: All right then, just browse through all of my wares.
Player: news
Mordecai: I am not familiar with the workings of the city, I am afraid. I take little interest in the workings of the, er, non-magical kind, I confess. ...
Mordecai: Young Fairfax, I mean Fyodor, is better informed. And of course you can always ask the city guards, or the magistrates, on what's going on.
Player: minotaurs
Mordecai: The minotaurs here on Oramond are quite vicious creatures, with a ... grudge against our city. I always fear for Alaistar when he is out collecting herbs, but he won't listen. <sighs>
Player: professor
Mordecai: I used to teach, but I have retired. Now, I indulge in the arts and crafts of magic.
Player: teach
Mordecai: Ah, no, no, no, my teaching days are over. Nowadays, my good friend Barnabas teaches sorcerer spells to the magically gifted.
Player: druid
Mordecai: Never really been one for all that ado about healing, I admit. Use your runes wisely, I always say! However, if oyu need a druid, go to our temple and ask Azalea, our healer.
Player: maxxen
Mordecai: Never heard that name.
Player: captain caveworm
Mordecai: In truth it's a whole subversive movement, that used this cover for their activities that are aimed at destroying our town.
Player: alaistar
Mordecai: My younger brother is a renowned potion maker, researcher, hobby archeologist and quite the expert on the field of the local fauna and flora. It's somewhat of a calling, I believe.
Player: azalea
Mordecai: I am not sure the girl was called that name by her parents, but druids have their own ways. She is a superb healer nonetheless, and also grows charming room plants, if you need some.
Player: barnabas dee
Mordecai: Ah, so you are interested in the higher arts as well? Commendable. He lives next door, on the top floor.
Player: dr merlay
Mordecai: There seems to have been some commotion lately with view to his family fortune, or so Alaistar told me. But I hardly concern myself with city matters these days.
Player: fyodor
Mordecai: He visited your capital and became a postman, didn't he? He's a bright fellow, and has some interesting ideas. Writes articles and has some high-flown ideas for his newspaper, but no harm in that.
Player: maro
Mordecai: My brother found him as a whelp, left for dead next to an abandoned battlefield. He brought him here and raised him as... well, a human. It was a fascinating subject of study.
Player: virgil
Mordecai: Carefew plays a leading role in society, or at least he used to when I was still teaching. Very influential man, though he never was a magistrate member.
Player: bye
Mordecai: Take care, child.
Mordecai: Ah, the impetuosity of youth.
