Azalea: Flowers to liven up your house!
Azalea: Healing for your wounds and cures for your curses!
Player: hi
Azalea: Welcome back, friend. If you have not done so, please visit the others. Or have you lost something you need to bring our mutual friend?
Player: name
Azalea: I am Azalea, the druid.
Player: job
Azalea: I am the local healer and teacher of druid spells. And I also grow flowers. If you want to take a living flower home with you, trade with me.
Player: trade
Azalea: Here are the little ones.
Player: time
Azalea: <Looks at the sun, then at her flowers> It is 10:58 pm, Simula.
Player: heal
Azalea: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I can't help you. But if you are looking for additional protection you should go on the pilgrimage of ashes or get the protection of the twist of fate here.
Player: help
Azalea: You do not need any healing right now.
Player: lost
Azalea: You lost the little one? I can only give you one other, but be careful, brother.
Player: lost
Azalea: If you have lost something, try to go back to the place where you first found it. Maybe you will get it again from there.
Player: soothe bloom
Azalea: My newest breed, though it took a long time to rear it. They are beautiful, but fragile magic blooms, fed and imbued with powerful healing magic. Will they work as intended? We will have to see.
Player: flowers
Azalea: The fragile and fragrant beauties of the lands! I rear them and try to find new breeds that can hold magic, as well. It is a difficult task and takes up much of my time.
Player: letter
Azalea: You have a letter for me? Ah, it is at the postmaster's. Very well. Thank you for telling me.
Player: glooth
Azalea: It is made by the gloothworms, and can be used for many things.
Player: captain caveworm
Azalea: Captain Caveworm is the peoples hero, fighting for the poor and weak.
Player: maxxen
Azalea: I've never heard that name.
Player: airtight cloth
Azalea: No, I don't see the use that, neither for my plants nor for myself. It upsets the balance of the elements. winds blow, waters flow. Bar their way and they will only grow in violence.
Player: alaistar
Azalea: A noble character with a deep understanding of the magical fluids. I respect his wisdom and his energy.
Player: maro
Azalea: An upright soul, but torn between his past and his present, a tree that the storm will uproot, should there ever be a choice between his kind and his belief.
Player: dr merlay
Azalea: I am glad you chose to help, and confident that in time, we will be able to cure this poor creature and restore it to its natural form. I will rear more potent blossoms for this.
Player: fyodor
Azalea: We share a belief, the belief that we need to protect those who need help. One day, he might change the fate of this city.
Player: bye
Azalea: Be well, citizen.
