Fayla: Do, re, mi, fa, so la, ti, do! <hums>
Player: hi / hello
Fayla: Welcome, dear! Can I help you? Are you looking for an instrument?
Player: name
Fayla: I am Madame Fayla Thibault. Call me Fay.
Player: job
Fayla: During office hours, I sell instruments. In the evenings and by appointment, I teach how to sing and to play an instrument.
Player: trade
Fayla: Of course, just take a look at my instruments.
Player: fay / fayla
Fayla: <smiles> Yes, dear? Do you want to buy something?
Player: yes
Fayla: <smiles> Well then, just ask for a trade and have a look!
Player: singer
Fayla: Ah, so you heard of me? Well, a lot of time has passed since then, my dear. Glorious days, but it doesn't do to repine, does it? Of course it doesn't. <smiles> ...
Fayla: Now, how about a nice little instrument for your home? Just ask me for a trade and I'll set you right up.
Player: teach
Fayla: At the moment, I am fully booked, my dear. However, why not come to one of my soirées when you have the time? I'll let you know when the next one will be.
Player: lesson
Fayla: Not everyone here can afford his or her own instrument, and I enjoy music. So I made it my duty to teach all who strive to sing and play. After all, music is there to be shared.
Player: singer / opera
Fayla: Ah, so you heard of me? Well, a lot of time has passed since then, my dear. Glorious days, but it doesn't do to repine, does it? Of course it doesn't. <smiles> ...
Fayla: Now, how about a nice little instrument for your home? Just ask me for a trade and I'll set you right up.
Player: wooden / flute
Fayla: That was a gift from a very mighty and noble friend. Ah, I could never part with it!
Player: sell / buy / instrument / music
Fayla: I sell only the finest instruments, if you are interested in a trade.
Player: city / Rathleton
Fayla: This is an ...interesting city, as I am sure you have already noticed. I believe you know glooth?
Player: glooth
Fayla: A strange substance that pervades every aspect of city life. Scientists study it, engineers construct with it... in short, it is used for many purposes.
Player: airtight cloth
Fayla: The princible sounds good... but is it sound? <smiles> Ah, have I confused you? Sorry, my dear.
Player: airtight cloth
Fayla: This airtight cloth works splendidly. I have had rather less complaints from my neighbours about the loudness of singing lessons, lately.
Player: christine
Fayla: My litle proégée. She's got a lovely voice. You should visit one of our little soirées, you know. <smiles at you>
Player: bye
Fayla: Good bye.
