Player: hi / hello  
Flint: Hello, citizen. If you need equipment, ask for a trade.  
Player: trade  
Flint: Make your choice, friend.  
Player: job  
Flint: I am the local blacksmith. I used to be a soldier and city guard, and the equipment I forge is meant to keep the people safe.  
Player: glooth  
Flint: I buy glooth-based equipment, if you have some to sell, ask for a trade.  
Player: mino  
Flint: <grinds teeth> The plague of this island. You will need equipment against them. Ask me for a trade.  
Player: ammunition / distance / paladin  
Flint: One floor upstairs, friend.  
Player: temple  
Flint: Wounded by the minos, eh? Azalea can stitch you up.  
Player: offer / sell / buy / weapon / armor  
Flint: Certainly. Ask me for a trade to browse through my stock.  
Player: equipment  
Flint: I am interested in buying glooth-based weapons and armors or other local equipment you found. Just ask me for a trade.  
Player: captain caveworm
Flint: Captain Caveworm is the hero of the people, a champion of the weak.
Player: maxxen  
Flint: Hm, sounds unfamiliar.  
Player: time  
Flint: It is 11:46 am, citizen.  
Player: friend  
Flint: None of your business.  
Player: name  
Flint: I am Captain John Flint.  
Player: flint  
Flint: Yes. Exactly.  
Player: christine  
Flint: Lovely voice. Good glooth sandwiches.  
Player: fyodor  
Flint: Talks a lot. Good soul underneath.  
Player: graham  
Flint: You need knight spells? Go see him in the old barbican. Two houses down the street.  
Player: nicholas  
Flint: Strange lad. Head full of tapestry and clocks.  
Player: fayla  
Flint: Still a beautiful woman. Carried a torch for her in my youth. Heh. Sells instruments now, doesn't she?  
Player: alaistar  
Flint: Fancy ideas about minotaurs. Intrepid man, though.  
Player: azalea  
Flint: Local druid. Good healer and teacher. Rears some nice flowers, too.  
Player: edmund  
Flint: Benign gentleman, keen on gems. Short-sighted like a mole, though.  
Player: maro  
Flint: The toolmaker mino? An exception to the rule.  
Player: mordecai  
Flint: Only interested in making runes and wands. If you need magical equipment, go see him.  
Player: silas  
Flint: One floor upstairs, friend.  
Player: virgil / carefew  
Flint: Bank manager. Very influential. Don't get on his bad side, friend.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Flint: Be well, citizen.  
