Maro: Hm.
Player: hi / hello  
Maro: Hello, fellow hooman. You need tools? Equipment? Ask for a trade if you do.  
Player: name  
Maro: I am Maro.  
Player: maro  
Maro: Yes. That is my name. You wish?  
Player: job  
Maro: As you see. I am a toolmaker. I make tools.  
Player: time  
Maro: I make clocks, fellow hooman, not time.  
Player: buy / offer 
Maro: Ask me for a trade to see my tools. 
Player: tools
Maro: Every tool is beautiful. Practical, simple, elegant. Ask for a trade to see for yourself.
Player: trade  
Maro: Choose.  
Player: minotaur / minotaurs  
Maro: I have no memories of the clans. I do not belong there. I make tools.  
Player: human  
Maro: I was raised in the city by father Alaistar. I live as a hooman. I behave as one. I am one.  
Player: letter
Maro: You already gave me my letter. Did you see the others?
Player: <random word>
Maro: Maro did not understand that, fellow hooman. Please repeat.
Player: yes / no
Maro: The druid and the postman hoomans. And father Alaistar, and Emily, the lady of fellow hooman friend... You should see them all, they all await his news!
Player: news  
Maro: Read the paper. Or ask fellow hooman Fyodor. I do not know. I know how to make tools.  
Player: captain caveworm
Maro: Captain Caveworm was a great warrior of the city.
Player: maxxen  
Maro: I don't know that person.  
Player: christine  
Maro: The young female hooman? HER voice makes my teeth tingle. I have made ear plugs, they help.  
Player: glooth  
Maro: It is an interesting substance that my fellow hoomans use a lot in their tools.  
Player: edmund  
Maro: I admire his craftmanship. He makes most beautiful things out of the hard earths and stones.  
Player: emily  
Maro: Sad lady friend of a friend, very much alone. I feel for her.  
Player: flint  
Maro: He makes weapons. He says they are for defense of fellow hoomans. But where there is a weapon, there is an attack. I prefer to make tools.  
Player: fyodor  
Maro: He has quick hands and a quick tongue. He can write anything and talks very much. But he has become a friend.  
Player: graham  
Maro: He tries to protect the weak. He is a good hooman.  
Player: mordecai  
Maro: Uncle is always busy. He does not like to leave his study much. He leaves such things to father and me.  
Player: nicholas  
Maro: He has interesting ideas for hooman sitting tools. Maro sometimes lends a hand in their construction.  
Player: silas / terrence  
Maro: He fights the clans. There is no friendship between him and me.  
Player: virgil  
Maro: He is a very important hooman in this city. Many listen to him when he speaks. Or maybe it is because he owns the big house of gold coins.  
Player: emily  
Maro: Sad lady friend of a friend, very much alone. I feel for her.  
Player: wife  
Maro: Ah, the lady friend Emily is a wife, or a widow some say. She is sad and alone. If you have a message for her, she will be glad.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Maro: Yes. Good bye.  
Maro: Hrm.
