Silas: Want to improve your aim, young paladin? Come and buy my bows!
Silas: Need a new holy spell to hunt evil creatures? Come on in!
Player: hi
Silas: Hello, friend. If you need bows or spears, ammunition or paladin spells, then ask for a trade.
Player: name
Silas: I am Silas D'Arbalesse, from the known family of bowmakers.
Player: job
Silas: I am a hunter and trainer of hunters. And I teach paladin spells to those of my kind.
Player: time
Silas: It is 7:45 pm, exactly.
Player: offer
Silas: My offers are bows, crossbows and ammunition. Ask me for a trade to browse through them. I also teach paladin spells.
Player: spells
Silas: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.
Player: trade
Silas: Make your choice, friend.
Player: bows
Silas: I don't buy used bows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.
Player: crossbows
Silas: I don't buy used crossbows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.
Player: ammunition
Silas: I sell all sorts of arrows for bows and different bolts for crossbows. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: spears
Silas: Yes, I sell spears. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: arrows
Silas: I have normal arrows, sniper arrows, flaming arrows, shiver arrows, flash arrows, earth arrows and onyx arrows used with bows. Just ask me for a trade.
Player: bolts
Silas: I have bolts, piercing bolts and power bolts used with crossbows.
Player: rathleton
Silas: You seem staggered by it. The invention of glooth added to the uniqueness of our city, I believe - there is no glooth in your lands, I understand?
Player: glooth
Silas: A strange substance, gained, I think through some sort of process from an animal. Our historian in the magistrate, or Dr Alaistar Stanton, can surely explain it better to you than I can.
Player: Alaistar
Silas: A kind and intelligent man, but too naive in his dealings with the minotaurs. You'd better purchase some sturdy bow if you go out there to their camps, friend.
Player: graham
Silas: I believe he is an able knight trainer with high moral standards. No wonder he should have a dislike to anything base, given his tragic family history.
Player: history
Silas: His father disappeared under mysterious circumstances, leaving his wife without any support. Lady Emily Balfour had fought her family for this marriage, only to be left shortly afterwards to their mercy.
Player: flint
Silas: Very determined not to lose another friend ever again, so he fabricates the best armors and weapons that a blacksmith can.
Player: fyodor
Silas: He has some radical ideas for the city, but maybe the senior magistrates will cool him down a little.
Player: mordecai
Silas: A very learned man in the ways and craft of magic, but he has lost interest in all worldy dealings. He makes runes and wands to sell, now.
Player: nicholas
Silas: His designs are not to my taste.
Player: fayla
Silas: A lady of obscure family who used to be a renowned opera singer in her youth, and teaches half Rathleton how to play the piano. She runs a shop for musical instruments, now.
Player: terrence
Silas: The captain of our city guards is one of my best customers. He is always in need of helping hands in his struggle against the minotaur onslaught, if you should seek a worthy task.
Player: maro
Silas: Better stay upwind of him. Who knows if he may not resolve to spy on us for his minotaur kin?
Player: christine
Silas: She has some very modern views, for a young lady of her noble lineage.
Player: edmund
Silas: A true craftsman with gems and precious metals. Maybe I will have some inlaid work for him to be done, for the new improved crossbow models.
Player: mordecai
Silas: A very learned man in the ways and craft of magic, but he has lost interest in all worldy dealings. He makes runes and wands to sell, now.
Player: virgil
Silas: One of our most respectable citizens, from an ancient family. A leading figure in society.
Player: novel
Silas: They remind me a little of the ballads of old. I wish, however, that we had a bard in this city, to remind the people of our heritage. Nobody would need novels then! ...
Silas: Unfortunately, not much knowledge of our past has survived, only some rumours and fragments of the days of founding of Rathleton. You should talk to our historian at the magistrate if you are interested to learn more.
Player: captain caveworm
Silas: That guy had to be about a hundred years old or so by now.
Player: maxxen
Silas: He was an inventor that betrayed our city to the minotaurs and sold them all our secrets.
Player: minotaur
Silas: Those brutish creatures cannot share the island with us. We should eradicate their kind, once and for all, or we shall never be safe.
Player: bye
Silas: Stay upwind, friend.
Silas: Nice stealth technique.
