When the gods chose the humans as their champions for the coming age of discord, they granted them new powerful allies to stand a chance against the forces of destruction. The creature they made the knight's faithful companion is an icecold killer. Only the gods can tell where it originated. Vague legends of old told a story of a vanguard dedicated to Banor who ventured forth into the frozen north in a desperate attempt to stop a scheme of the forces of evil to build a powerful weapon. The heroes of Banor succeeded but at the cost of their lives. Honouring their dedication, Banor struck a deal with an elemental entity of the north who owed their existence to Banor and the heroes' sacrifice. They were entombed deep into the ice, save from all temperings of evil. Their noble souls, however, knew no rest and pleaded Banor to help humanity once again. At last the godly warrior agreed and with the help of Fardos he provided his champions a ghostly squire unlike anything seen before. The energetic essence of ice stemming from the surrounding area was conserved within the newly created ethereal creature. Its deadly sight alone makes not only humans but also monsters tremble in fear. The way of movement - just flying around like a ghost - makes it even more frightening. The Skullfrost doesn't have a very strong defence and prefers to attack from a safe distance. More precisely it uses death and ice attacks. Due to these skills the knight does well to pull its adversaries to himself while its summon attacks from afar. A powerful combination! It is said, that the most devout and skilled heroes are able to gain an intrinsic understanding of such summoning spells, that they are able mould and warp it's energies to call forth a wider array of minions, that, though identical in power and abilities better suit their own taste and style. Initially it was debated if this might be a blasphemous tinkering with a gift of the gods, a rare consensus was reached, that the ability to summon more uncommon allies is rather a deeper understanding of the will and workings of the gods and in concordance with their divine will.