Player: hi
Cledwyn: Blessings, Player! How may I be of service? Do you wish to trade some tokens, or would you like some information or talk? Should I enchant certain items for you?
Player: information
Cledwyn: With pleasure. <bows> I trade tokens. There are several ways to obtain the tokens I am interested in - killing certain bosses, for example. In exchange for a certain amount of tokens, I can offer you some first-class items.
Player: token
Cledwyn: If you have any silver tokens with you, let's have a look! Maybe I can offer you something in exchange.
Player: silver
Cledwyn: Here's the deal, Player. For 100 of your silver tokens, I can offer you some first-class torso armor. These armors provide a solid boost to your main attack skill, as well as ...
Cledwyn: some elemental protection of your choice! I also sell a magic shield potion for one silver token. So these are my offers.
Player: talk
Cledwyn: Why, certainly! I'm always up for some small talk. ...
Cledwyn: The weather continues just fine here, don't you think? Just the day for a little walk around the town! ...
Cledwyn: Actually, I haven't been around much yet, but I'm looking forward to exploring the city once I've finished trading tokens.
Player: name
Cledwyn: <bows> Cledwyn O'Reilly, bespoke smith and token trader, at your service.
Player: job
Cledwyn: Well, I'm a smith by trade, but my passion is to collect rare tokens made of metal or gemstones. It's something of a family trait. ...
Cledwyn: All of my family have a passion for some precious stone or metal, but as we're craftsmen, not warriors, we prefer to trade for what we want. ...
Cledwyn: At the moment, I'm rather interested in silver tokens. ...
Cledwyn: If you should happen to have any with you, I'll forge you a first-class armour in return for 100 of 'em.
Player: city
Cledwyn: A most delightful place! You meet all sorts here. Some very pretty ladies, too. <winks> And I am looking forward to a good beer in the tavern after sunset.
Player: Cledwyn
Cledwyn: Named after my grandfather. He was a gifted jeweller. Lost in the field looking for rare stones, alas.
Player: family
Cledwyn: You might find some O'Reilly in some other town, just like me. We're all vagabonds, really. <smiles winningly> Always on the move to trade precious tokens. ...
Cledwyn: There's a little family competition on who's the most successful token hunter, so if you should have any tokens with you, I'd be delighted to trade you some. <bows>
Player: Yana
Cledwyn: You already met her? Yes, she's my cousin. She also collects rare tokens, but unlike me she's interested in gold tokens. Call this passion something of a family trait. 
Player: enchant
Cledwyn: The following items can be enchanted: pendulet, sleep shawl, blister ring, theurgic amulet, ring of souls. ...
Cledwyn: For sufficient silver tokens you can also enchant: spiritthorn ring, alicorn ring, arcanomancer sigil, arboreal ring, turtle amulet. Make your choice!
Player: bye
Cledwyn: Make your own destiny, Player.
