Player: hi
Andrew Lyze: Well, let's see if your mission was successful. Just bring me all needed materials.
Player: down
Andrew Lyze: On first glance, this cave does not look very spectacular, but the things you find in there, are. You have to know that this is the only place where you can find the respective materials to build the compass.
Player: compass
Andrew Lyze: It was decided to collect all of the compasses, destroy them and throw them in the fiery depths of Tibia. I still have some of them here. I sell them for a low price if you want.
Player: monument
Andrew Lyze: Well, a while ago powerful magic devices were used all around Tibia. These are chargeable compasses. There was but one problem: they offered the possibility to make people rich in a quite easy way. ...
Andrew Lyze: Therefore, these instruments were very coveted. People tried to get their hands on them at all costs. And so it happened what everybody feared - bloody battles forged ahead. ...
Andrew Lyze: To put an end to these cruel escalations, eventually all of the devices were collected and destroyed. The remains were buried deep in the earth.
Player: depths / deep
Andrew Lyze: As far as I know it is a place of helish heat with bloodthirsty monsters of all kinds.
Player: sarcophagus
Andrew Lyze: This sarcophagus seals the entrance to the caves down there. Only here you can get all the materials you need for a working compass of this kind. So no entrance here - no further magic compasses in Tibia. In theory.
Player: materials
Andrew Lyze: May I repair your compass if possible?
Player: no
Andrew Lyze: Alright, yet that's not the way to reach the target. But that's on you.
Player: yes
Andrew Lyze: Sorry, but you don't have the broken compass. To repair it, you have to give it to me. Come back if you have it in your backpack.
Player: bait
Andrew Lyze: I can give you another bait. But you have to pay a little fee of 5000 gold. Do you want to?
Player: yes
Andrew Lyze: Ok, now the bait is active again!
Player: bait
Andrew Lyze: The bait is still active. I don't have to apply another one.
Player: sell
Andrew Lyze: Would you like to buy a broken compass for 10.000 gold?
Player: no
Andrew Lyze: Alright.
Player: yes
Andrew Lyze: Here's your broken compass!
Player: bye
Andrew Lyze: Well, bye then. The rumble in the jungle continues!
