Player: hi
Ferks: A good day to you, Player, and welcome to the Tibian Bank.
Player: name
Ferks: My name is Ferks <bows slightly>.
Player: job
Ferks: I am a banker, my job is to exchange coins.
Player: offer
Ferks: We can change money for you. You can also access your bank account or your guild account options.
Player: time
Ferks: It is exactly 1:16 am right now.
Player: tibia
Ferks: Sometimes I wonder why the gods don't put more effort into bringing us order but I am a banker, not a priest.
Player: king
Ferks: His royal highness might visit this little but promising community one day if we develop well.
Player: jungle
Ferks: This jungle is dangerous. The more area we can finally cultivate, the better. Only if we chop and burn enough of it down and create new farmland, we can build a new centre of commerce.
Player: apes
Ferks: They mindlessly attack our settlement to steal tools and everything else they get into their hairy hands.
Player: lizards
Ferks: They live so far away in the jungle that we know only little of them. Perhaps this primitive race can be used in some way.
Player: dworcs
Ferks: Evil little bastards they are.
Player: thais
Ferks: Thais is still a power that must be taken into account. Power is not everything of course.
Player: venore
Ferks: Our city and society could be a role model for all Tibians.
Player: edron
Ferks: Edron has little to offer. It's overestimated. Let those silly knights have it. In the end it will be us who clean up the mess and bring order into the chaos that will be left when they finally leave.
Player: carlin
Ferks: Carlin is nothing but a nuisance.
Player: darama
Ferks: This wilderness and the dry desert need to be colonised by civilised people like us. We bring the light of order and prosperity to this continent.
Player: darashia
Ferks: This town has little that we are interested in.
Player: ankrahmun
Ferks: I have to admit that I somehow admire the strong guidance of this pharao. Most fail to acknowledge that his subjects are in need of such a strict leadership.
Player: kazordoon / dwarves / dwarfs
Ferks: Dwarves are disciplined people, which I appreciate.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfs
Ferks: Those elves are erratic and unreliable. They need to be taught some manners.
Player: ferumbras
Ferks: A servant of chaos. I wonder why all the Thaian military power can't stop him for good.
Player: excalibug
Ferks: A fictitious weapon is of no use at all.
Player: bye
Ferks: Good bye.