Player: hi
Imbul: Hi, Player. If you want me to transport you to the other end of the city, feel free to ask me for a passage.
Player: name
Imbul: My name is Imbul.
Player: job
Imbul: I'm a ferryman. If you want me to transport you to the other end of the city, feel free to ask me for a passage.
Player: time
Imbul: Sorry, I don't own a watch.
Player: tibia
Imbul: That is our world, yes.
Player: king
Imbul: It must be fun to be a king.
Player: jungle
Imbul: We already lost many settlers to the jungle. No one knows who is next.
Player: apes
Imbul: They stole my paddle once.
Player: lizards
Imbul: If you follow the river far enough upcountry, you might see a lizardman. But be careful, they'll attack you as soon as they catch sight of you.
Player: dworcs
Imbul: They are all murderers and cannibals.
Player: thais
Imbul: It's where the king lives. The roads there must be made of gold or marble at least.
Player: venore
Imbul: Here are many people from Venore. I used to live there but I lost my job and took the chance to come here.
Player: edron
Imbul: Edron is some isle where the richest knights and sorcerers live. There they are not annoyed of the constant begging of poor people.
Player: carlin
Imbul: It's a city, I know that.
Player: darama
Imbul: Many came here to make their fortune. But it might take a while to become rich.
Player: darashia
Imbul: That's somewhere behind that mountain.
Player: ankrahmun
Imbul: I heard it's a ghost town or something like that.
Player: kazordoon
Imbul: I think those dwarves came from Kazordoon.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Imbul: The dwarves that live here are searching for gold.
Player: ab'dendriel
Imbul: What is that?
Player: elf / elves
Imbul: The elven queen is the most beautiful woman in Tibia.
Player: ferumbras
Imbul: Why have some magicians to become evil?
Player: excalibug
Imbul: I never heard about that.
Player: passage / trip / route / destination / sail / go
Imbul: I can bring you either to the east end of Port Hope or to the centre of the town, where would you like to go?
Player: centre / east
Imbul: Do you seek a passage to the ( centre / east end ) of Port Hope for 7 gold?
Player: no
Imbul: Maybe another time.
Player: yes
Imbul: Here we go!
Player: bye
Imbul: Bye.