Player: hi
Lorek: Greetings, Player. If you want me to transport you to the other end of the city, feel free to ask me for a passage.
Player: name
Lorek: I am Lorek.
Player: job
Lorek: I am a ferryman. If you want me to transport you to the other end of the city, feel free to ask me for a passage.
Player: time
Lorek: I have no idea.
Player: tibia
Lorek: The world is so big that it often scares me.
Player: jungle
Lorek: I can only hope that the guards protect us all from those dangerous beasts out there.
Player: apes
Lorek: If only the guards could stop their constant attacks.
Player: lizards
Lorek: I have only heard about them. I hope they won't come here.
Player: dworcs
Lorek: Those little greenskins are more dangerous than a cobra.
Player: thais
Lorek: I left Thais for the opportunities that might be found here.
Player: venore
Lorek: It seems the traders are incredibly rich.
Player: edron
Lorek: Edron has to be very pretty and all people there are rich and such.
Player: carlin
Lorek: I am not sure if we are at war with them. I think they defy the rule of our king.
Player: king
Lorek: I wonder if he will inspect our colony some day.
Player: darama
Lorek: If more people move to Darama, I might get a better job and earn a fortune.
Player: darashia
Lorek: Another human settlement on this continent. It's somewhere in the desert though.
Player: ankrahmun
Lorek: They say it's a city full of undead and half-dead people. What a horrible thought!
Player: kazordoon
Lorek: I overheard the dwarves talking about it. I have no idea what it is though.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Lorek: There are some dwarves living here.
Player: ab'dendriel
Lorek: What?
Player: elves / elfs
Lorek: I only heard of them, but I never saw one. It's said that they have funny ears.
Player: ferumbras
Lorek: I heard he is some scary magician or so.
Player: excalibug
Lorek: What's that?
Player: passage / trip / route / destination / sail / go
Lorek: Ahh, you are a member of 'Paw and Fur'. I can bring you either to the centre of Port Hope, to the west end of the town, to Banuta, to Chor or to the mountain pass to Darama. Where would you like to go?
Player: centre / west
Lorek: Do you seek a passage to the ( centre / west end ) of Port Hope for 7 gold?
Player: banuta / chor / the mountain pass
Lorek: Do you seek a passage to ( Banuta / Chor / the mountain pass ) for 30 gold?
Player: no
Lorek: Maybe another time.
Player: yes
Lorek: Here we go!
Player: bye
Lorek: Bye.