Player: hi  
Old Adall: Hi, Player. Need a passage?  
Player: passage / sail / go / trip / route / destination  
Old Adall: I can bring you either to the east end of Port Hope or to the west end of the town, where would you like to go?  
Player: east  
Old Adall: Do you seek a passage to the east end of Port Hope for 7 gold?  
Player: west  
Old Adall: Do you seek a passage to the west end of Port Hope for 7 gold?  
Player: no  
Old Adall: Maybe another time.  
Player: east / west  
Old Adall: Do you seek a passage to the east end of Port Hope for 7 gold?  
Player: yes  
Old Adall: Here we go!  
Player: name  
Old Adall: My name is Adall but everyone is calling me old Adall.  
Player: tibia  
Old Adall: The world offers much to discover. Whether you find your fortune or your doom, it is a private thing between you and fate though.  
Player: jungle  
Old Adall: The challenge the jungle is providing is something for the young and daring. I am not going to leave the security of the town, I'll just stay here and watch how things turn out.  
Player: watch / mocking  
Old Adall: Watches seem to tell you that not much time is left and how much time you have already lost. They only remind you of everything that is already gone and all the things you will never achieve.  
Player: time  
Old Adall: Hehe, old men have no need for watches. Watches are mocking you, you know?  
Player: elves / elfs  
Old Adall: Elves are somewhat strange but most get along well with humans.  
Player: dwarves / dwarfs  
Old Adall: Some dwarves joined the colony. They are looking for treasures and minerals in the jungle.  
Player: darama  
Old Adall: One might think it's a strange place for an old man to settle down but I never had a child and I like to see this settlement grow and come of age in my last days .  
Player: darashia  
Old Adall: The people of Darashia are friendly. Still there is nothing exciting that would justify a voyage there.  
Player: ankrahmun  
Old Adall: That city has given me the creeps for as long as I have known about it. Whenever we sailed there, I had a bad feeling of impending doom.  
Player: thais  
Old Adall: It used to be a lovely town but over the years it has become crowded and noisy.  
Player: carlin  
Old Adall: Hehe, it's not such a bad town for a visit, as long as you have your own alcohol on board and are not catched drunk in the city. I had to learn it the hard way and was arrested twice in my youth.  
Player: ab'dendriel  
Old Adall: A curious town of curious people but I have seen odder things during my travels.  
Player: venore  
Old Adall: Those newcomers have quite an attitude and it is growing worse with the years. Ambition, ambition. It's all about ambition.  
Player: kazordoon  
Old Adall: I have never seen this inland town on my own.  
Player: edron  
Old Adall: Edron is not the lovely little isle people tend to think it is. There are secrets and ancient evil beneath the ground. Things that had better been left buried, have been unearthed.  
Player: ferumbras  
Old Adall: I wonder if he's the Thaian version of the boogey man.  
Player: excalibug  
Old Adall: I heard about that weapon in each and every harbour I have visited. Never heard more than rumours though.  
Player: lizard  
Old Adall: I think they are suspicious and just because they are far away does not mean they are nice neighbours.  
Player: apes  
Old Adall: The apes are for Port Hope what the orcs are for Thais.  
Player: dworcs  
Old Adall: They are horrible little creatures. I have seen my share of various orc breeds during my travels and those dworcs are the worst of all.  
Player: job  
Old Adall: I am a ferryman now, in my youth I was a sailor though. If you want to travel to one of the ends of the town, just ask me for a passage.  
Player: sailor  
Old Adall: Aye, matey. I was a sailor and have seen much of this world.  
Player: boogey man  
Old Adall: The boogey man is only a myth to scare the children and keep them away from the jungle.  
Player: king  
Old Adall: I saw the king and even his father. Thais used the be my home port in the old times.  
Player: bye / farewell  
Old Adall: Bye.  
