Player: hi
Zaidal: Hello Player and welcome to my furniture store.
Player: name
Zaidal: I am known as Zaidal.
Player: job
Zaidal: I am selling furniture, especially bamboo made furniture. I also buy elephant tusks to create my famous tusk tables and ivory chairs.
Player: time
Zaidal: Sorry, I have no idea.
Player: tibia
Zaidal: The world is a big treasure chest for those who know to turn resources into profit.
Player: king
Zaidal: Perhaps one day even the king will use our furniture.
Player: jungle
Zaidal: You call it a jungle, I call it furniture in the making.
Player: apes
Zaidal: They live in the depth of the jungle, and their only visits here are annoying raids to steal and plunder.
Player: lizards
Zaidal: I did not see much of the lizzards yet.
Player: dworcs
Zaidal: If we could get rid of them, a whole new area which is rich in bamboo would be ours.
Player: thais
Zaidal: One day I might visit Thais.
Player: venore
Zaidal: Well, Venore is the centre of commerce.
Player: edron
Zaidal: An isle with interesting forests. With the right organisation the furniture and shipbuilding business could prosper enormously.
Player: carlin
Zaidal: Carlin is very far to the north. I have never been there.
Player: darama
Zaidal: The jungle is rich in resources and who knows what profit lies hidden in the desert? Of course not for a carpenter, but there are other resources.
Player: darashia
Zaidal: People there seem to know little about the world of economy. Perhaps someone might teach them a lesson one day.
Player: ankrahmun
Zaidal: I was there only once, but I left it with the certainty that I never want to return there ever again.
Player: kazordoon
Zaidal: The dwarves of Kazordoon are experts in mining resources like gems and ore.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Zaidal: The dwarves of Kazordoon are experts in mining resources like gems and ore.
Player: ab'dendriel / elfs / elves
Zaidal: Those elves are a bit complicated when it comes to trees and environmental matters. They must learn that you have to crush an egg to bake a cake.
Player: ferumbras
Zaidal: If we could guide his attention in useful directions, he wouldn't be the problem he poses nowadays.
Player: excalibug
Zaidal: Even if it would exist, which I doubt, it would be only an extremely expensive weapon and nothing more.
Player: offer / furniture / goods / do you sell / equipment / sell / buy
Zaidal: If you'd like to see my offers in furniture, ask me for a trade.
Player: trade
Zaidal: Of course, just browse through my wares.
Player: bye
Zaidal: Good bye Player.
Player: (vanish)
Zaidal: Bye.
