Player: hi  
Hagor: Greetings, adventurer Player. What leads you to me?  
Player: door  
Hagor: Which door are you talking about? If it is locked, maybe you should try to find a key for it!  
Player: book  
Hagor: Yes, I really can recommend reading books. It might help you find what you are looking for!  
Player: job  
Hagor: I travel through the lands of Tibia and now Jakundaf Desert since years.  
Player: king  
Hagor: Tibianus is our king. To be honest, I didn't hear much of him till now.  
Player: library  
Hagor: There is a library in here, right. I assume you are talking about this library. It's locked, as far as I know. But somewhere there has to be a key... maybe the librarian knows more?  
Player: name  
Hagor: My name is Hagor, the old hunter.  
Player: offer  
Hagor: Go ahead. I don't sell or buy anything!  
Player: secret  
Hagor: There are many secrets. But I fear, I can't tell you much about them. They are also secret to me...  
Player: Tibia  
Hagor: The gods made this world full of fascinating secrets and I will search them till my end.  
Player: weapon  
Hagor: Weapons? Do you have some? You better know how to use them!  
Player: sword  
Hagor: Do you mean any sword in particular? Or just any sword?  
Player: treasure  
Hagor: Someone told me - I can't remember who it was - that there was a treasure hidden nearby.  
Player: Excalibug  
Hagor: I heared rumours that there is a sword called so. I don't know if it exists.  
Player: Carlin  
Hagor: Is this the city to the north? I heard rumours about it.  
Player: Desert  
Hagor: Yes, it's big, isn't it?  
Player: Morrin  
Hagor: Ah, I remember that man. We made a deal, guess about what.  
Player: time  
Hagor: Time has no meaning to me.  
Player: god  
Hagor: There are a lot of gods we believe in. Maybe you should check out different books to find out something about them.  
Player: help  
Hagor: I'd really like to help you. Could you specify your request?  
Player: roll  
Hagor: Oh, yes, I love them!  
Player: bye  
Hagor: Good bye.  
