Those Below, What We Know (III)
The only enemies that could be captured and questioned were some of the lost. They displayed a tremendous pain tolerance and lack of fear but their intelligence levels seemed seemingly frighteningly low. With limited vocabulary and interaction it seemed that they see 'those below' rather as some form of primal gods of fire and pain than as creatures. It seems likely they never saw or interacted with them directly.
Conquered territory saw an increase of heat levels. This went hand in hand with the level of occupation of the territory. Where they could be repelled, the heat level did not rise significantly, so a natural cause can be ruled out. What is unknown is if the heat comes with the presence of those below or they need it to move into an area and raise it in some way.
The nature of 'those below' still remains an enigma. From the little we know only some assumptions can be made. They seem to need or enjoy extreme heat levels and they actively expand their territory, not accepting or attempting any form of negotiation. Their minions behave and communicate (as little it may be) in an entirely enigmatic and alien way so that the reasoning and thinking of 'those below' can't easily be predicted.
The need to spread their territory hints at a rather numerous race that constantly needs more room or resources.
The dominance over powerful beings they employ as generals points at an immense personal power level of the individuals or the race as a whole.
They can manipulate and transform individual beings somehow, perhaps even for breeding those transformations into species.
Their minions, like the lost, require crude, self-made weapons that rather rely on the little skill that race has left than outside sources. Other forms of equipment, as few as have been found so far, hint at even more alien origins and are dissimilar to commonly known tools or machinery. Even those objects, however, might be the remainder of a craft that one of their subjugated minion races once possessed and is probably only a mere shadow of the craftsmanship those races were previously capable of.
Their forces show no regard to themselves or others. A retreat can only be enforced when they deem an effort no longer viable. What is viable or not follows no discernible pattern. Whereas sometimes a brimming ore mine was left in peace after a rag and tag band of defenders fended off some invaders, they sacrificed legions of minions to conquer some abandoned cave, far away from anything of importance.
In this state of the war it has to be mentioned that 'those below', their origin, their look and their motives continue to be an enigma. As their attacks and the pressure they put on other races rises, the importance of such information becomes more and more a priority. How this information can be acquired though, is still something that is desperately debated upon.