Those Below, What We Know (II)
With all the efforts to scout the enemy, little could be learned. Especially since behind the enemy's frontline the earth temperature is rising at an alarming rate and former deep territory that was once settled by gnomes is now immersed by lava. It seems that whatever is leading the attacks is living behind or even in that lava.
We do know that the enemy makes use of numerous creatures. Often the creatures they control are commonly dangerous but rare and display far less aggressive behaviour. They don't gather in hordes, let alone they'd attack with any coordination or in league with other creatures. It is unknown how exactly those creatures are controlled or guided but there seems to be a connection to the mighty leader-like creatures they employ amongst their minions. If they are eliminated, coordination and aggressiveness levels drop almost immediately.
The fact that a lost tribe of dwarves has been enslaved and bred for war purposes hints how they might have attained control over other subterranean races, sentient or not. There is strong evidence that they actually breed their minions actively and there is some sort of indoctrination involved. Given that they breed the lost dwarves to creatures of low intelligence and high aggressiveness, it is likely they have similar procedures for other creatures as well.
Their choice of generals gives other hints abut heir nature. In at least one case they employ the assistance of a fallen gnome. His mind and body were heavily altered in unknown ways. Though in charge of leading their troops he displayed behaviour that usually would be considered mad. Also even he was somehow linked to the coordination of the hostile forces. Although as a gnome he didn't previously display any kind of telepathic ability. So it can be assumed that the other so called generals they employ are also heavily altered specimens of their kind. They probably don't resemble the appearance of 'those below' which leaves us with no clue how they look.