Player: hi
Ghost Of A Priest: Greetings mortal.
Player: name
Ghost Of A Priest: Such concepts are of little consequence for the dead.
Player: job
Ghost Of A Priest: We are the guardians. We are all what is left from the glory of the past.
Player: mortal
Ghost Of A Priest: We are the guardians. We are all what is left from the glory of the past.
Player: guardians
Ghost Of A Priest: We are the keepers of this old temple and the guardians of its sacred secrets.
Player: secrets
Ghost Of A Priest: We are keepers of the lore of the Great Snake and we guard some of its relics.
Player: lore
Ghost Of A Priest: The lore of the Great Snake is contorted like a snake. Although we feel you are touched by the snake's essence, you are not ready yet to receive the blessing of the deeper wisdom.
Player: relics
Ghost Of A Priest: Once the powerful relics of the Great Snake were abundant. Most got lost to the ravages of time and our enemies. What is left is all the more precious.
Player: left
Ghost Of A Priest: Some of the relics are still left in this world. They are insignia of the snake god's power. We know that you came for one of those insignia. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: The Great Snake approves that you acquire its holy sceptre. We will not question the wisdom of the god to hand this relic to one of the false-born.
Player: banuta
Ghost Of A Priest: What you call Banuta was once a centre of our civilisation and culture. We gave those apes so much, but they wanted more. In the end, the Great Snake used them as a tool to teach our people a painful but necessary lesson.
Player: apes
Ghost Of A Priest: In their vanity our descendants thought they could use those false-born as servants. They paid a terrible price. Their downfall might only be temporary though if we can redeem our race in the eyes of the snake god.
Player: redeem
Ghost Of A Priest: We have failed our god and paid a high price. But all tragedies and obstacles are just a test of the Great Snake. We will have to prove we are worthy to be its first true-born. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: Only in the face of seemingly impossible odds, we can prove what we are capable of. If we overcome all obstacles, the favour of the Great Snake will return to us. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: The god has cast us down only to elevate us to new heights if we are worthy.
Player: corruption
Ghost Of A Priest: There are many forms of corruption in this world. All of it is the work of the egg stealers who spread their taint. The creation hatched by the Great Snake was perfect without even the option of corruption.
Player: zalamon
Ghost Of A Priest: We understand what he is and what he has become. We were not aware there were others like us left in the world. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: Perhaps there is still a chance our race can redeem itself in the eyes of the Great Snake.
Player: dragon
Ghost Of A Priest: Dragons are one of the greatest creations of the Great Snake. Yet, they are still distanced from the Great Snake and susceptible for corruption and the lies of the egg stealers.
Player: snake / gods
Ghost Of A Priest: The father and mother of everything. Its first egg hatched the world. Its second egg hatched life itself. The lizard people were of its third litter. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: Of the third litter but the first true-born, we became its keepers. As its first true children, we inherited the earth but it was taken from us by the egg stealers.
Player: egg stealers
Ghost Of A Priest: Creatures from beyond. Greedy and traitorous, they stole parts of the world and of life for themselves. They corrupted the world by their deceptions and stole our birthright.
Player: birthright
Ghost Of A Priest: We were the rulers of the world. We overlooked the world in the name of the Great Snake. The egg stealers and their creatures stole it from our claws. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: We have failed the Great Snake and our decline is its punishment.
Player: decline
Ghost Of A Priest: We were overthrown by those of who we vainly thought we could use for our advantage, even though we knew about the foulness of the false-born.
Player: false-born
Ghost Of A Priest: Everything that lacks scales is no true litter of the Great Snake. They are the corrupted kin of the egg stealers.
Player: serpent spawn
Ghost Of A Priest: They are a manifestation of the snake god's power. They are its avatars in some way.
Player: lizard
Ghost Of A Priest: We are the true-born. We are the children of the snake. But as children we have yet much to learn. One day we might take our rightful place in creation, but only if we prove worthy.
Player: worthy
Ghost Of A Priest: The Great Snake deserves that we try to use the best of our abilities and capabilities to serve it. Our existence is a test in this world corrupted by the egg stealers. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: Only when we overcome all obstacles cast into our way, we will become worthy to serve the Great Snake in all eternity.
Player: creatures
Ghost Of A Priest: They are the false-born. They hatched from foul eggs - poisoned by the egg stealers. They are numerous and like a plague for the world.
Player: temple
Ghost Of A Priest: This was once the centre of power of our religion. From here we ruled Tiquanda in the name of the snake god.
Player: zao
Ghost Of A Priest: We were not aware of another civilisation that was left. Only recently the awareness of the Great Snake touched us in our slumber and we learnt through visions of its other children.
Player: left
Ghost Of A Priest: Some of the relics are still left in this world. They are insignia of the snake god's power. We know that you came for one of those insignia. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: The Great Snake approves that you acquire its holy sceptre. We will not question the wisdom of the god to hand this relic to one of the false-born.
Player: slumber
Ghost Of A Priest: We were once the heigh priests of the Great Snake. We willingly left our mortal existence behind to become bound to this temple. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: In this state we can serve the Great Snake in a more suitable way. You have to understand that it is an honour and a privilege, not a sacrifice.
Player: mission / sceptre
Ghost Of A Priest: Even though we are spirits, we can't create anything out of thin air. You will have to donate some precious metal which we can drain for energy and substance. ...
Ghost Of A Priest: The equivalent of 5000 gold will do. Are you willing to make such a donation?
Player: yes
Ghost Of A Priest: So be it! Here is my part of the sceptre. Combine it with the other parts on the altar of the Great Snake in the depths of this temple.
Player: bye
Ghost Of A Priest: Bye.
