I finally arrived at my destination. The isles are as cold and inhospitable as expected. I see this as a good sign though. All my investigations strongly hint that there is more about the myth of the frostspire than my ignorant colleagues want to believe. And it will be me who unlocks that secret.
I made contact with some of the primitives that live here. Considering that my investigations here will bind me to these ice islands for some time, it might be a good idea to take some of them into my servitude. Yet, the primitives behaved quite unfriendly and it is questionable how I should be able to repay them for any services. However, pressing them into servitude is no true option. I have not the time to oversee a bunch of rebellious slaves that know the lands far better than I do. There has to be some other way.
It was easy to lure this greedy shaman witch into an alliance. Some display of my abilities combined with blandishments and empty promises and she was mine. Time will tell if this primitive will make a useful apprentice. Her influence among her people is undoubtedly considerable though.
Marvellous! It was so easy to find the remains of the frostspire with the help of my local helpers! Of course it has become a place of importance in their primitive myths. Everything I encountered is true about the ancient myths! Sadly all-too-true. Not much is left from the magnificent frostspire itself and all signs of the ancient civilisation seem to be wiped out. But there is so much to be discovered and we just started.
Today my apprentice gave me a holy item of her people's faith. At first, I was annoyed to be disturbed with such primitive nonsense but to my amazement the object was obviously a shard of the shattered frostspire itself! A short investigation showed me that it will take months to unlock the secrets of its inherent magic. I will need a more suitable base and more resources. In the meantime, settlers from Carlin have arrived. Some prospectors must have find ore in the mountains. Damn them, they are disturbing my research.