Player: hi
Markwin: No! The hornless have reached my city! BODYGUARDS TO ME!
Player: hi
Markwin: Well ... my guards are defeated! Now everything is over! I guess I will have to answer your questions now.
Player: hi
Markwin: Oh, it's you again. What do you want, hornless messenger?
Player: name
Markwin: I am Markwin, the old and real king of this city.
Player: job / answer
Markwin: I am the king of all minotaurs. I have been the king for more than 320 years.
Player: time
Markwin: Don't ask me such stupid questions. My time is over right now.
Player: kaplar
Markwin: I really don't know what it means. But ALL minos say it! Terrible!
Player: minotaurs / minos
Markwin: My fellows all are minotaurs. It is my folk. I am the king of all minos.
Player: king / tibianus
Markwin: I am the real king of Mintwallin!
Player: real
Markwin: Yes, I am the real king. Palkar is the leader of the outcasts.
Player: Palkars
Markwin: He is the leader of the outcast. In former times he was my best warrior, but now he is my worst enemy.
Player: outcast
Markwin: Those are no minos any longer. They left the city and killed their brothers. And they stole the key to my secret lab.
Player: secret lab
Markwin: Hehe - you will never find a way to enter it. The outcast stole the key. You are too weak to conquer it. HARHARHAR.
Player: enter
Markwin: To enter the laboratory is pretty difficult.
Player: enter lab
Markwin: First of all you will need a second fellow to help you.
Player: second fellow
Markwin: Yeah - he has to step on a special tile and an entrance will appear at a very poisonous place!
Player: second
Markwin: After you entered the first area you will need the key from the outcasts.
Player: key
Markwin: There are many keys. The outcast stole the key to our secret lab! They should burn!
Player: mintwallin / city
Markwin: The former glorious city lies in the dirt. It is my home. I founded it about 180 years ago, when we found this lovely place.
Player: place
Markwin: The best protection for our city is secrecy and the labyrinth.
Player: labyrinth
Markwin: It protected us for a long time. There are lots of traps in it. And many long tunnels. There haven't been many foes that found their way through it. Only that prisoner once arrived.
Player: prisoner
Markwin: He is totally mad. I don't know how he could find the way through the labyrinth. I arrested him in the prison.
Player: human
Markwin: I hate them all. Minotaurs have no own spelling, so I used the speech of the humans. Once I was a prisoner of them. Since then I hate them - and since then I can speak and write in their language.
Player: books / chronicle
Markwin: I am one of the minotaurs that are able to write. So I wrote most of the history of my beloved city Mintwallin in some books.
Player: demon
Markwin: He was the beginning of our end. He is mighty and powerful. He killed many brave minos and after his arrival we weren't able to go up to the surface.
Player: light / sun / surface
Markwin: I would like to see the light of the sun again, but you will probably kill me. Go away!
Player: milk
Markwin: No! I won't tell you the powers of our milk!
Player: riddle
Markwin: Riddle? I don't know riddles!
Player: karl
Markwin: The man who explored this part of the map first. Strange guy. He likes to be announced as hunter. I don't like him. He is a human.
Player: letter (quest)
Markwin: A letter from my Moohmy?? Do you have a letter from my Moohmy to me?
Player: yes (no letter)
Markwin: Don't mock the king of the minotaurs or you will regret that!
Player: (any but yes)
Markwin: Uh? What??
Player: yes
Markwin: Uhm, well thank you, hornless beeing.
Player: bye
Markwin: Go to hell! Burn!
Markwin: Hm ... good bye.
Markwin: Yes! Leave me alone. Vanish to dust.
