Player: Hi
Taegen: Be greeted, mortal being!
Player: name
Taegen: I'm Taegen.
Player: job
Taegen: Job? Well, I'm a faun but I don't know whether that is the answer to your question.
Player: time
Taegen: Yes, I have time for a little chat.
Player: news / rumors / rumours
Taegen: Something unsettling seems to happen on Feyrist right now. But if you want to know more you should talk to Maelyrra.
Player: offer / buy / sell / trade
Taegen: I'm carving bolts and arrows and I also craft bows and spears. If you'd like to buy some ammunition, take a look.
Player: ammo / spear
Taegen: Yes, I sell spears. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: arrow
Taegen: I have normal arrows, sniper arrows, flaming arrows, shiver arrows, flash arrows, earth arrows and onyx arrows used with bows. Just ask me for a trade.
Player: bolt
Taegen: I have bolts, piercing bolts and power bolts used with crossbows.
Player: bow
Taegen: I don't buy used bows. If you want to buy one, just ask me for a trade.
Player: distance / ammunition
Taegen: Well, I sell spears, bows, crossbows and ammunition for distance fighting. Ask me for a trade if you're interested to see my wares.
Player: gem
Taegen: Gems are pretty!
Player: sun catcher
Taegen: I'm sorry, I don't have one.
Player: raven herb
Taegen: That's a very rare fern-like plant. If eaten it allows an air breathing creature to breathe underwater for a while. Please find this plant for me. ...
Taegen: But know that you'll find it only at night. It resembles a common fern but its leaves are of a lighter green.
Player: mission / help / spell
Taegen: Please find a way to transform Aurita's fishtail into legs. There is a fairy who once told me about a spell. Perhaps she will share her knowledge. You can find her in a small fairy village in the southwest of Feyrist.
Player: Feyrist
Taegen: We call our realm Feyrist which means 'the fairest'. We keep it secret and hidden from mortal eyes. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide this realm of dreams from the outside world.
Player: Maelyrra
Taegen: She's our queen.
Player: Aurita
Taegen: She's the most beautiful, clever and graceful mermaid you've ever seen. Valindara says I'm so lovey-dovey it's insufferable. *laughs* But I don't care.
Player: Valindara
Taegen: She's a swan maiden and a friend of mine.
Player: Talila
Taegen: She's a pixie. Maybe she will sell or buy some nice trinkets.
Player: bye
Taegen: Farewell, friend.
