Player: hi
Guide Alexena: Welcome to Carlin, Player! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything not "information" or "map)
Guide Alexena: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Alexena: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temple, the bank, shops, spell trainers and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town
Guide Alexena: This city is ruled by Queen Eloise with the help of her female brigade. We have a lot of shops here as well as the usual facilities like depot, temple and so on.
Player: Queen Eloise
Guide Alexena: Queen Eloise rules this city and can also promote your vocation once you have reached level 20. Her castle is in the north-western part of town.
Player: shops
Guide Alexena: You can buy weapons, armor, tools, gems, magical equipment, furniture, spells and food here.
Player: weapons
Guide Alexena: Rowenna's smithy is just south west of the depot. Distance weapons and ammunition can be bought at Perac's shop west of the depot.
Player: armor
Guide Alexena: Cornelia's armor shop is just south of the depot, on the Central Plaza.
Player: tools
Guide Alexena: General goods like ropes and shovels can be bought in Sarina's shop south of the depot, on the Central Plaza.
Player: gems
Guide Alexena: No, you can't buy gems here. I guess the amazons are not like other women in that respect.
Player: magical
Guide Alexena: Magical equipment like runes and potions can be bought at Rachel's. Her shop is in the very southern part of town.
Player: furniture
Guide Alexena: Nydala sells furniture in the southern part of town, just to the left of Rachel's magical store.
Player: spells
Guide Alexena: You can learn new knight spells from Trisha in the northern part of town.
Player: food
Guide Alexena: Imalas sells all sorts of fruits and vegetables south of the depot. Lector sells meat south east of the depot.
Player: temple
Guide Alexena: The temple is east of the depot. The priest Alia will heal you if you are badly injured or poisoned.
Player: bank
Guide Alexena: The bank is on the left side of the depot. Eva will be at your service there.
Player: spell trainers
Guide Alexena: You can learn new knight spells from Trisha in the northern part of town.
Player: depot
Guide Alexena: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: escort
Guide Alexena: This service is only for newcomers below level 10. I think you can manage the way on your own! If you need marks on your map, let me know.
Player: world status
Guide Alexena: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Alexena: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: map / mark
Guide Alexena: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Alexena: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Alexena: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: name
Guide Alexena: I'm Alexena, at your service!
Player: job
Guide Alexena: I'll help you find your way through Carlin, the amazon town. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: time
Guide Alexena: It's 12:15 am right now. If you need information, this would be a good time!
Player: harbour
Guide Alexena: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: post
Guide Alexena: The post office is at the entrance of the depot. Very convenient! Liane will be glad to help you.
Player: blessings
Guide Alexena: Blessings reduce the death penalty, meaning that if you should die, you will lose less experience, fewer skill points and fewer to no items, if you have all five blessings.
Player: (anything else)
Guide Alexena: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about this topic.
Player: farewell
Guide Alexena: Good bye and enjoy your stay in Carlin, Player.
