Player: hi / hello  
Karl: Pshhhht! Not that loud ... but welcome.  
Player: army / women  
Karl: Their army is the tool of opression. Hunting down every alcohol smuggler they can get.  
Player: beer  
Karl: Psst. Let's trade.  
Player: hard stuff  
Karl: Todd took all the money we could gather to buy us the best stuff on the whole continent.  
Player: headquarters  
Karl: Well it's more a hidden tavern, so to say.  
Player: hugo  
Karl: I think Todd mentioned a Hugo once.  
Player: job / saloon / welcome  
Karl: I am the responsible for our ... uhm ... resistance.  
Player: karl  
Karl: Who told you that???  
Player: king / thais  
Karl: I'm sure if the king learns about our tragedy, he will support us with alcohol.  
Player: laws / needs / opression / alcohol  
Karl: Those crazy women forbid us alcohol in the city! Imagine that!  
Player: name  
Karl: I won't tell you my name.  
Player: news / rumors  
Karl: Some travelers from Edron told about a great treasure guarded by cruel demons in the dungeons there.  
Player: queen / eloise  
Karl: Well, shes not that bad ... but some of her laws are.  
Player: resistance  
Karl: We fight the opression of the males and male needs by the women. This is our secret headquarters.  
Player: smuggler  
Karl: We collected money and hired one of the best smuggler in the whole land. His name is Todd.  
Player: special  
Karl: Carlin is known for its evergreen plants which the local druids have grown.  
Player: stuff / offer / ware / drink / goods / buy / sell / equipment  
Karl: I can offer you beer for a trade. For wine and really hard stuff we have to wait for Todd.  
Player: tavern  
Karl: Our offers are limited but here a man can buy what a man needs.  
Player: Tim  
Karl: Ah, Tim was such a ladies' man in his youth. He has broken many hearts and the women fainted on account of his kisses. Today they faint on account of his breath.  
Player: Todd  
Karl: A true fighter for malehood. He will bring us all the hard stuff from Thais and even contact the king there to support us.  
Player: trade  
Karl: Here, but psssst!  
Player: bye / farewell  
Karl: Please come back, but don't tell others.  
