Player: hail queen
Queen Eloise: I greet thee, my loyal subject.
Player: name
Queen Eloise: I am Queen Eloise. For you it's 'My Queen' or 'Your Majesty', of course.
Player: job
Queen Eloise: I am Queen Eloise. It is my duty to reign over this marvellous city and the lands of the north.
Player: time
Queen Eloise: Don't worry about time in the presence of your Queen.
Player: how are you
Queen Eloise: Thank you, I'm fine.
Player: Queen
Queen Eloise: I am the Queen, the only rightful ruler on the continent!
Player: city
Queen Eloise: Isn't our city marvellous? Have you noticed the lovely gardens on the roofs?
Player: no
Player: lands / tibia
Queen Eloise: Soon the whole land will be ruled by women at last!
Player: women / justice
Queen Eloise: We women try to bring justice and wisdom to all, even to males.
Player: news
Queen Eloise: I don't care about gossip like a simpleminded male would do.
Player: sell (female)
Queen Eloise: I beg your pardon? A queen that sells things? Be serious!
Player: sell (male)
Queen Eloise: Sell? Your question shows that you are a typical member of your gender!
Player: castle
Queen Eloise: It's my humble domain.
Player: sewer
Queen Eloise: I don't want to talk about 'sewers'.
Player: dungeon
Queen Eloise: Dungeons are places where males crawl around and look for trouble.
Player: thais / city to the south
Queen Eloise: They dare to reject my reign over them!
Player: carlin
Queen Eloise: Isn't our city marvellous? Have you noticed the lovely gardens on the roofs?
Player: god
Queen Eloise: We honour the gods of good in our fair city, especially Crunor, of course.
Player: citizen
Queen Eloise: All citizens of Carlin are my subjects. I see them more as my children, though. Especially the male population.
Player: treasure
Queen Eloise: The royal treasure is beyond the grasp of any thieves, hidden by magical means.
Player: monster
Queen Eloise: Go and hunt them! For queen and country!
Player: help
Queen Eloise: Visit the church or the townguards for help.
Player: mission / quest
Queen Eloise: I will call for heroes as soon as the need arises again.
Player: gold / money / tax
Queen Eloise: Our city is rich and prospering.
Player: tax collector
Queen Eloise: The taxes in Carlin are not high, more a symbol than a sacrifice.
Player: hero / adventurer
Queen Eloise: We need the assistance of heroes now and then. Even males prove useful now and then.
Player: uniform
Queen Eloise: The uniforms of our guards and soldiers are of unparalleled quality of course.
Player: equipment
Queen Eloise: Feel free to visit our town's magnificent shops.
Player: shop
Queen Eloise: My subjects maintain many fine shops. Go and have a look at their wares.
Player: merchant / craftsmen
Queen Eloise: Ask around about them.
Player: army
Queen Eloise: Ask one of the soldiers about that.
Player: enemy / enemies
Queen Eloise: Our enemies are numerous. We have to fight vile monsters and have to watch this silly king in the south carefully.
Player: guild
Queen Eloise: The four major guilds are the Knights, the Paladins, the Druids, and the Sorcerers.
Player: sorceror / lea
Queen Eloise: The sorcerers have a small isle for their guild. So if they blow something up it does not burn the whole city down.
Player: druids / padreia
Queen Eloise: The druids of Carlin are our protectors and advisors. Their powers provide us with wealth and food.
Player: knights / trisha
Queen Eloise: The knights of Carlin are the bravest.
Player: paladins / legola
Queen Eloise: The paladins are great hunters.
Player: elane
Queen Eloise: It's a shame that the High Paladin does not reside in Carlin.
Player: eremo
Queen Eloise: It is said that he lives on a small island near Edron. Maybe the people there know more about him.
Player: minotaur
Queen Eloise: They havn't troubled our city lately. I guess they fear the wrath of our druids.
Player: good
Queen Eloise: Carlin is a centre of the forces of good, of course.
Player: evil
Queen Eloise: The forces of evil have a firm grip on this puny city to the south.
Player: order
Queen Eloise: The order that Crunor gives the world is essential for survival.
Player: chaos
Queen Eloise: Chaos is common in the southern regions, where they allow a man to reign over a realm.
Player: reward
Queen Eloise: If you want a reward, go and bring me something this silly King Tibianus wants dearly!
Player: tbi
Queen Eloise: A disgusting organisation, which could be only created by men.
Player: noodles
Queen Eloise: That beast scared my cat away on my last diplomatic mission in that filthy town.
Player: ferumbras
Queen Eloise: He is the scourge of the whole continent!
Player: excalibug
Queen Eloise: A man's tale ... that means 'nonsense', of course.
Player: promotion
Queen Eloise: Do you want to be promoted in your vocation for 20000 gold?
Player: bye
Queen Eloise: Farewell, Simula!
Queen Eloise: What a strange behaviour for a lady!
Queen Eloise: Typical behaviour for males!
