Player: Hi  
Tibra: Welcome: in the name of the gods, pilgrim Player!  
Player: Job  
Tibra: I am a priest of the great pantheon.  
Player: Life  
Tibra: The teachings of Crunor tell us to honor life and not to harm it.  
Player: Mission / Quest  
Tibra: It is my mission to bring the teachings of the gods to everyone.  
Player: Name  
Tibra: My name is Tibra. Your soul tells me that you are Player.  
Player: Queen  
Tibra: Queen Eloise is wise to listen to the proposals of the druidic followers of Crunor.  
Player: Sell  
Tibra: The grace of the gods must be earned, it cannot be bought!  
Player: Tibia  
Tibra: The world of Tibia is the creation of the gods.  
Player: Time  
Tibra: Now, it is 11:51 pm.  
Player: Crypt  
Tibra: There's something strange in its neighbourhood. But whom we gonna call for help if not the gods?  
Player: Help  
Tibra: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I need my powers for cases more severe than yours.  
Player: Monsters  
Tibra: Remind: Not everything you call monster is evil to the core!  
Player: Excalibug  
Tibra: The mythical blade was hidden in ancient times. Its said that powerful wards protect it.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Tibra: The fallen one should be mourned, not feared.  
Player: Lugri  
Tibra: Only a man can fall as low as he did. His soul rotted away already.  
Player: Sins  
Tibra: Do you wish to confess your sins, my child?  
Player: Yes  
Tibra: So tell me, what shadows your soul, my child.  
Player: I killed a deer (ou o que quiser dizer)  
Tibra: Meditate on that and pray for your soul.  
Player: Donation  
Tibra: Do you want to make a donation?  
Player: Yes  
Tibra: May the gods bless you!  
Player: Gods  
Tibra: The gods of good guard us and guide us, the gods of evil want to destroy us and steal our souls!  
Player: Gods of good  
Tibra: The gods we call the good ones are Fardos, Uman, the Elements, Suon, Crunor, Nornur, Bastesh, Kirok, Toth, and Banor.  
Player: Fardos  
Tibra: Fardos is the creator. The great obsever. He is our caretaker.  
Player: Uman  
Tibra: Uman is the positive aspect of magic. He brings us the secrets of the arcane arts.  
Player: Air  
Tibra: Air is one of the primal elemental forces, sometimes worshipped by tribal shamans.  
Player: Fire  
Tibra: Fire is one of the primal elemental forces, sometimes worshipped by tribal shamans.  
Tibra: Sula is the essence of the elemental power of water.  
Player: Suon  
Tibra: Suon is the lifebringing sun. He observes the creation with love.  
Player: Crunor  
Tibra: Crunor, the great tree, is the father of all plantlife. He is a prominent god for many druids.  
Player: Nornur  
Tibra: Nornur is the mysterious god of fate. Who knows if he is its creator or just a chronist?  
Player: Bastesh  
Tibra: Bastesh, the deep one, is the goddess of the sea and its creatures.  
Player: Kirok  
Tibra: Kirok, the mad one, is the god of scientists and jesters.  
Player: Toth  
Tibra: Toth, Lord of Death, is the keeper of the souls, the guardian of the afterlife.  
Player: Banor  
Tibra: Banor, the heavenly warrior, is the patron of all fighters against evil. He is the gift of the gods to inspire humanity.  
Player: Evil  
Tibra: The gods we call the evil ones are Zathroth, Fafnar, Brog, Urgith, and the Archdemons!  
Player: Zathroth  
Tibra: Zathroth is the destructive aspect of magic. He is the deciver and the thief of souls.  
Player: Fafnar  
Tibra: Fafnar is the scorching sun. She observes the creation with hate and jealousy.  
Player: Brog  
Tibra: Brog, the raging one, is the great destroyer. The berserk of darkness.  
Player: Urgith  
Tibra: The bonemaster Urgith is the lord of the undead and keeper of the damned souls.  
Player: Archdemons  
Tibra: The demons are followers of Zathroth. The cruelest are known as the ruthless seven.  
Player: Ruthless Seven  
Tibra: I dont want to talk about that subject!  
Player: Bye  
Tibra: Good bye, Player. May the gods be with you to guard and guide you, my child!  
