Player: hi (after mission)
Tired Tree: Please don't wake me up. Zzzzz. (idle)
Player: hi
Tired Tree: *yawn* Nature's blessing.
Player: name
Tired Tree: These days my name is fagus sylvatica. It will change as soon as I take over another plant or animal.
Player: job
Tired Tree: Currently I'm a tree.
Player: time
Tired Tree: It's time to sleep.
Player: tree
Tired Tree: Outside of our secret realm my siblings and I can't keep our true shape. If we want to travel other parts of the world, we must take over the bodies of animals. But we are causing them no harm and we just take control if necessary.
Player: siblings
Tired Tree: We call ourselves the fae. Some name us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the former term. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...
Tired Tree: As we tend to be secretive about our true nature I'm afraid I can't tell you more.
Player: realm
Tired Tree: We call it Feyrist and it is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.
Player: trust
Tired Tree: You should talk to Alkestios if you want to prove yourself trustworthy.
Player: Alkestios
Tired Tree: He's one of our kind and took over the body of a white deer. You may find him near Ab'Dendriel.
Player: rumours / rumors / news
Tired Tree: My sisters and brothers told me that there is a strange evil that threatens this world.
Player: evil
Tired Tree: It is some kind of dark energy that threatens nature's balance. I don't know the details. If you are interested you should talk to Alkestios.
Player: aurita
Tired Tree: She's a beautiful mermaid, dwelling in the warm waters at Feyrist's shores. She stole Taegen's heart.
Player: Taegen
Tired Tree: He's one of my brethren, a faun. He preferred not to leave Feyrist - mainly because of Aurita, I assume.
Player: benevola
Tired Tree: She's a druid who is living near Ab'Dendriel. Alkestios befriended her, so I guess she is trustworthy.
Player: tooth fairy
Tired Tree: She's one of our sisters and took over a white seagull. The last time I talked to her she seemed worried.
Player: ikassis
Tired Tree: She's one of my sisters. I guess she took over the body of a snake.
Player: maelyrra
Tired Tree: She is one of the fae queens of Feyrist.
Player: talila
Tired Tree: She is a pixies living in Feyrist.
Player: valindara
Tired Tree: She is a swan maiden and lives in Feyrist.
Player: feyrist
Tired Tree: It is a secret, hidden place. Just few mortals get permission to enter it. A long time ago, we learned how to hide our realm from the outside world. Only if you gain our trust I will tell you how to reach it.
Player: fae
Tired Tree: Some call us nature spirits or peri but we prefer the term fae. Most of us are rather reclusive and live peaceful lives in our secret realm. We only leave it in order to protect our home. ...
Tired Tree: As we tend to be secretive about our true nature I'm afraid I can't tell you more.
Player: Ab'Dendriel
Tired Tree: It's a place full of life and huge trees. The elves who are living there love plants and animals, so I guess it is a good place.
Player: elves
Tired Tree: They are inhabiting Ab'Dendriel and live in close touch with nature.
Player: kazordoon
Tired Tree: It has something to do with ... dwarves, I guess.
Player: dwarves
Tired Tree: They are living underneath the earth. I just don't understand why.
Player: oramond / krailos / rathleton
Tired Tree: I have never heard of this place.
Player: tibia
Tired Tree: This is the world we are living in. This place is rather pleasant because the nearby living mortal sometimes sits down here and raises sweet melodies on his flute. He calls himself Humphrey.
Player: Humphrey
Tired Tree: He is living nearby and seems to be some kind of healer.
Player: carlin / thais / venore / darashia / edron
Tired Tree: It's a place full of stone buildings and people. Very odd surrounding, if you ask me.
Player: darama
Tired Tree: I have never heard of this place.
Player: map
Tired Tree: I have a part of a certain map, yes. I would consider giving it to you if you do me a small favour. Would you do that?
Player: no
Tired Tree: What a pity! *yawn*.
Player: yes
Tired Tree: Thank you very much, human being! Perhaps a bedtime story would help. We'd like to hear something about the dryads.
Player: mission
Tired Tree: Have you found a story that could help us to drift off to sleep?
Player: no
Tired Tree: *yawn* I'm sorry to hear that.
Player: yes
Tired Tree: I'm listening.
Player: The Seeds of Life
Tired Tree: Oh, what a beautiful story. ... *yawn* Here, take this map part. We have no need for it when we are slumbering. *yawn* Some of our siblings have the third part. They took over a couple of stones in the north of some high mountains. ...
Tired Tree: There are ... dwarves I guess. ... Zzzzzz ...
Player: bye
Tired Tree: May your path be even.