Player: hi
Brengus: Be greeted, Player. If you want to buy or sell weapons and armors, ask me for a trade.
Player: name
Brengus: My name is Brengus.
Player: job
Brengus: I'm a tradesman. I sell and buy weapons and armors.
Player: offer
Brengus: My offers are weapons, armors, helmets, legs, and shields. If you like to see my offers, ask me for a trade.
Player: time
Brengus: Sorry, my watch didn't take the moist air here too well.
Player: tibia
Brengus: It's a world full of possibilities.
Player: king
Brengus: This is the king's land. It was a wise decision to let us people from Venore rule this settlement.
Player: jungle
Brengus: Of course there are problems. But problems are there to keep those out of business who are not prepared and diligent enough.
Player: apes
Brengus: They are neither skilled in a craft nor do they know about the concept of trade. They constantly raid our colony to steal items.
Player: lizards
Brengus: The lizard folk is hostile to us but luckily they live far enough from here than to be an immediate danger.
Player: dworcs
Brengus: They should be driven into the sea.
Player: thais
Brengus: A nice big city of course, but it lacks style and grandeur. Such qualities you find only when visiting my hometown Venore.
Player: venore
Brengus: I miss my home like most of us here, but I have duties and responsibilities. After all, there is some meagre profit to earn here.
Player: edron
Brengus: A rich and lovely island. Sadly those knights kept our tradesmen out of business for some unknown reason. I'm convinced that after seeing our success with this colony here, the king will allow Venore to become more present over there, too.
Player: carlin
Brengus: I hope the king will take these rebelling women soon under Thaian guidance once again. I hate to see the profits wasted that could be earned there.
Player: darama
Brengus: We've hardly scratched the surface of all the possibilities to gain profit that are hidden on this continent.
Player: darashia
Brengus: The sand wasp's honey is quite useful. But that's the only noteworthy thing about this unimportant desert hicktown.
Player: ankrahmun
Brengus: It's somewhat hard to evaluate if this city poses another threat or is a new market. Only time can tell.
Player: kazordoon
Brengus: The dwarves of Kazordoon are stubborn people and it's hard to trade with them. But as often, the hardship is very rewarding for those who are able to handle them.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfs
Brengus: It's complicated to negotiate with those elves but it's possible.
Player: ferumbras
Brengus: He is bad for business. The big trading houses of Venore have yet to decide what price they will put on his head.
Player: excalibug
Brengus: If you ever stumble upon that interesting piece of jewellery, contact me. I know somebody who would pay a decent amount of crystal to add it to his collection of curiosities.
Player: bye
Brengus: Good bye, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Brengus: Good bye.