Player: Hi  
Clark: Hello, Player. Please don't interrupt me for too long!  
Player: Name  
Clark: My name is Clark.  
Player: Interrupt/job  
Clark: I'm the captain of the guards and responsible for upholding law and order in the colony.  
Player: Guards  
Clark: The guards of Port Hope are led by Lord Seamus, a nobleman from Thais.  
Player: Seamus  
Clark: He is ill and I'm in charge of upholding the law now.  
Player: Thais  
Clark: Thais is a big city but if we do well enough here, Port Hope might one day rival its size.  
Player: Venore  
Clark: The Venoreans are fine and generous people. It's a good thing that they put all this effort into this colony. I don't know what we would do if it weren't for them.  
Player: Carlin  
Clark: It's a shame that those women still get away with their independence. Friends told me that too many of Thais's resources are wasted in useless projects, and the army is too weak to claim back our belongings.  
Player: Ab'dendriel  
Clark: My guess is that those elves are secretly allied with Carlin. I wouldn't trust an elf if I met one.  
Player: Kazordoon  
Clark: As long as the dwarfs stay there, it's alright for me to let them have this ugly piece of rock.  
Player: Dwarf  
Clark: Dwarfs are impressive fighters. The Venoreans talked about hiring some of them as mercenaries to help us out.  
Player: Elves  
Clark: My guess is that those elves are secretly allied with Carlin. I wouldn't trust an elf if I met one.  
Player: Edron  
Clark: The knights of Edron are somewhat arrogant. They keep the resources of the isle all to themselves instead of sharing them.  
Player: Darashia  
Clark: A village of harmless cultists. They pose no real threat and could easily be integrated into the Thaian realm.  
Player: Darama  
Clark: This continent will be ours one day.  
Player: Ankrahmun  
Clark: This city is a threat to Thais's domination of Darama. Unfortunately, we are too weak to handle this threat.  
Player: Lizard  
Clark: They don't pose a real threat to us.  
Player: Apes  
Clark: Rest assured we'll handle this problem.  
Player: Dworcs  
Clark: They fear our power and hide in some caves.  
Player: Ferumbras  
Clark: He is the enemy number one of the kingdom and all good people.  
Player: Excalibug  
Clark: I heard the knights of Edron hide it somewhere instead of using it for the good of the country.  
Player: King  
Clark: Our king can be proud of this colony.  
Player: Jungle.  
Clark: The jungle is our first and foremost enemy.  
Player: Time  
Clark: It is (the current time) pm right now.  
Player: Tibia  
Clark: I guess a good part of the world is under Thaian rule.  
Player: Bye  
Clark: Goodbye, Player.  
