Player: hi / hello
Guide Tiko: Hello there, Player and welcome to Port Hope! Would you like some information and a map guide?
Player: (anything not "information" or "map)
Guide Tiko: Well, you seem to know your way around. Take care!
Player: information
Guide Tiko: Currently, I can tell you all about the town, its temple, the bank, shops, spell trainers and the depot, as well as about the world status.
Player: town / Port Hope
Guide Tiko: The inhabitants of Port Hope are bravely facing the constant threat from the jungle. The town is built on pile dwellings and most shops are close to each other.
Player: temple
Guide Tiko: The temple is in the north-eastern part of town, left of the depot. The priest there has a little alcohol problem, though. It's sad.
Player: bank
Guide Tiko: Our bank can be found one floor above the depot. Just talk to Ferks.
Player: shops
Guide Tiko: You can buy weapons, armor, tools, gems, magical equipment, furniture and food here.
Player: spell trainers
Guide Tiko: You can buy spells from Uso just under the tavern. It's located in the north-western part of town, leftmost of the depot.
Player: depot
Guide Tiko: The depot is a place where you can safely store your belongings. You are also protected against attacks there. I escort newcomers there.
Player: world status
Guide Tiko: If you'd like to know the status of this world just say the keyword for a world change.
Player: keyword / change
Guide Tiko: Valid keywords are: Horestis, Mage Tower, Master's Voice, Swamp Fever, Thornfire, Twisted Waters, Awash, Steamship, Horses, Overhunting, Demon War, Sea Serpent, Deepling or Hive.
Player: weapons
Guide Tiko: Brengus sells weapons and armor one floor above the depot. Perod sells distance weapons and ammunition one floor higher.
Player: armor
Guide Tiko: Brengus sells weapons and armor one floor above the depot.
Player: tools
Guide Tiko: General goods like ropes and shovels can be bought in Perod's shop two floors over the depot.
Player: gems
Guide Tiko: You can buy gems from Gail one floor above the depot.
Player: magic
Guide Tiko: Magical equipment like runes and potions can be bought at Tandros's. His shop is two floors above the depot.
Player: furniture
Guide Tiko: You can buy furniture from Zaidal. His shop is two floors above the depot.
Player: food
Guide Tiko: Your best bet for food is Clyde in the tavern. It's located in the north-western part of town, leftmost of the depot.
Player: map / mark
Guide Tiko: Would you like me to mark locations like - for example - the depot, bank and shops on your map?
Player: yes
Guide Tiko: Here you go.
Player: no
Guide Tiko: Well, nothing wrong about exploring the town on your own. Let me know if you need something!
Player: harbour
Guide Tiko: That's where we are standing right now. You can travel between the Tibian settlements using this ship if you have a premium account, that is.
Player: post
Guide Tiko: The post office is one floor above the depot. Ray is our postman.
Player: blessings
Guide Tiko: Blessings reduce the death penalty, meaning that if you should die, you will lose less experience, fewer skill points and fewer to no items, if you have all five blessings.
Player: name
Guide Tiko: I'm Tiko and your guide today. Have a good day!
Player: time
Guide Tiko: It's 2:36 am right now. Any other information that you require?
Player: job
Guide Tiko: I'll help you not to get lost in Port Hope. I can mark important locations on your map and give you some information about the town and the world status.
Player: (anything not a keyword)
Guide Tiko: Sorry, I don't have anything to tell you about this topic.
Player: bye / farewell
Guide Tiko: Good bye and enjoy your stay in Port Hope, Player.
