Player: hi
Kais: Hmm... surely you are in need of help - will you let me? I am Kais the Bound and I can lend you a hand in healing your body and soul or even grant an enhanced blessing!
Player: name
Kais: I am Kais, Kais the Bound. Eternally fixed to the wretched place, unless... unless I prove my worth in aiding all those who seek my help.
Player: job
Kais: Well, as I am quite in a fix currently, my only hope to escape this situation may be to grant you healing or an enhanced blessing if you wish. You must desire SOMETHING, right? Sure you do.
Player: Kais
Kais: I am Kais, Kais the Bound. Eternally fixed to the wretched place, unless... unless I prove my worth in aiding all those who seek my help.
Player: fix
Kais: I was bound here by... I... do not know who did this to me. Not anymore... As of now, I feel a strange... urge to help those in need. I feel, yes I feel that ...
Kais: If I just help as many as I can... I may be set free... one day... but how many will it be? What does it take to... and why all this, to which end... I do not know.
Player: wish
Kais: There is an... urge, to... to help those... who come to me and... how many wishes does it take? What desire needs to be granted? I can only help... those in need. Do you need something? Maybe healing or, or... an enhanced blessing!
Player: help / heal
Kais: You are poisoned, master. I will help you.
Player: help / heal
Kais: You aren't looking that bad. Sorry, I am only allowed to help those in need. If you are looking for additional protection, I could grant you an enhanced blessing and there is also the pilgrimage of ashes.
Player: blessing
Kais: Besides the enhanced blessing available from me, I know of one other, granted by a solitary nomad far west of Svargrond. There are also five different other blessings available, each in a sacred place. ...
Kais: These blessings are: the spiritual shielding, the spark of the phoenix, the embrace of Tibia, the fire of the suns and the wisdom of solitude.
Player: enhanced
Kais: I have the power to grant you the blood of the mountain's blessing. But I must ask of you to sacrifice 82300 gold. Are you prepared for that?
Player: no
Kais: Fine then.
Player: nomad / heart
Kais: I know everyone and everything. It is certain that there is another enhanced blessing, the 'heart of the mountain'. Talk to a nomad far to the west of Svargrond, hiding slightly above ground.
Player: bye
Kais: Fare you well... Player
Player: (vanish)
Kais: Hmm, I wonder...
