Player: hi
Myra: Greetings, Player. If you are looking for sorcerer spells don't hesitate to ask.
Player: name
Myra: Myra is my name.
Player: job
Myra: I am a sorcerer. I was sent here by the academy of Edron to function as an adviser in magical matters and as a teacher for sorcerers in need of training.
Player: spells
Myra: Sorry, I don't teach spells for your vocation.
Player: time
Myra: It is 4:37 am right now.
Player: tibia
Myra: I have already seen more of the world as I had ever planned.
Player: king
Myra: We are here on the behalf of the king and try our best to make this colony prosper.
Player: jungle
Myra: I am working on a spell aiming specifically on destroying plant life. I am sure it would be of enormous help and would earn me a positon in the academy once more.
Player: apes
Myra: They are annoying but easily driven away.
Player: lizards
Myra: The lizards are somewhat mysterious, but who would care to travel through the whole cursed jungle to learn the boring secrets of some fly-eaters?
Player: dworcs
Myra: Sooner or later we will have to face this threat in the south.
Player: thais
Myra: Thais lacks the lovely peace of Edron, but as the capital of the Thaian kingdom it offers more chances to study or entertain yourself than this fledgling city.
Player: venore
Myra: I find the Venoran activity here disturbing, but, after all, that's not my business.
Player: carlin
Myra: The druids of Carlin could do a lot with all the freedom they have, but they waste their resources in some strange cult and lack any scientific approach to magic.
Player: edron
Myra: I loved my time at the academy. I had my differences with some superiors though, and when it came to select somebody to come here, my name was mentioned once too often I think.
Player: darama
Myra: I think all this talk about the conquest of a new continent is simply exaggerated.
Player: darashia
Myra: Living in the desert must be even worse than living here.
Player: ankrahmun
Myra: Although I'd love to study the undeath more closely, I'd not want to study it first hand.
Player: kazordoon
Myra: I would have even preferred an appointment to the dark halls of Kazordoon than to this colony.
Player: dwarves / elves
Myra: Dwarves are good miners, I can't say much more about them.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfs
Myra: Elves would probably be more suitable to this environment.
Player: ferumbras
Myra: He wastes all his power to spread terror and destruction. Doesn't this become boring after a while?
Player: excalibug
Myra: The magic used to create that weapon would be more interesting than the weapon itself.
Player: vocation
Myra: Your vocation is your profession. There are four vocations in Tibia: Sorcerers, paladins, knights and druids.
Player: rune
Myra: Each spell, that starts with 'Ad', needs a rune. You have to hold a blank rune in one of your hands when you cast it. You can buy runes at the magic shop.
Player: bye
Myra: Farewell, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Myra: Farewell.
