Player: hi
Old Adall: Hi, Player. Need a passage?
Player: name
Old Adall: My name is Adall but everyone is calling me old Adall.
Player: job
Old Adall: I am a ferryman now, in my youth I was a sailor though. If you want to travel to one of the ends of the town, just ask me for a passage.
Player: sailor
Old Adall: Aye, matey. I was a sailor and have seen much of this world.
Player: time
Old Adall: Hehe, old men have no need for watches. Watches are mocking you, you know?
Player: mocking / watch
Old Adall: Watches seem to tell you that not much time is left and how much time you have already lost. They only remind you of everything that is already gone and all the things you will never achieve.
Player: tibia
Old Adall: The world offers much to discover. Whether you find your fortune or your doom, it is a private thing between you and fate though.
Player: king
Old Adall: I saw the king and even his father. Thais used the be my home port in the old times.
Player: jungle
Old Adall: The challenge the jungle is providing is something for the young and daring. I am not going to leave the security of the town, I'll just stay here and watch how things turn out.
Player: apes
Old Adall: The apes are for Port Hope what the orcs are for Thais.
Player: lizards
Old Adall: I think they are suspicious and just because they are far away does not mean they are nice neighbours.
Player: dworcs
Old Adall: They are horrible little creatures. I have seen my share of various orc breeds during my travels and those dworcs are the worst of all.
Player: thais
Old Adall: It used to be a lovely town but over the years it has become crowded and noisy.
Player: venore
Old Adall: Those newcomers have quite an attitude and it is growing worse with the years. Ambition, ambition. It's all about ambition.
Player: carlin
Old Adall: Hehe, it's not such a bad town for a visit, as long as you have your own alcohol on board and are not catched drunk in the city. I had to learn it the hard way and was arrested twice in my youth.
Player: edron
Old Adall: Edron is not the lovely little isle people tend to think it is. There are secrets and ancient evil beneath the ground. Things that had better been left buried, have been unearthed.
Player: darama
Old Adall: One might think it's a strange place for an old man to settle down but I never had a child and I like to see this settlement grow and come of age in my last days .
Player: darashia
Old Adall: The people of Darashia are friendly. Still there is nothing exciting that would justify a voyage there.
Player: ankrahmun
Old Adall: That city has given me the creeps for as long as I have known about it. Whenever we sailed there, I had a bad feeling of impending doom.
Player: kazordoon
Old Adall: I have never seen this inland town on my own.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Old Adall: Some dwarves joined the colony. They are looking for treasures and minerals in the jungle.
Player: ab'dendriel
Old Adall: A curious town of curious people but I have seen odder things during my travels.
Player: elf / elfs
Old Adall: Elves are somewhat strange but most get along well with humans.
Player: ferumbras
Old Adall: I wonder if he's the Thaian version of the boogey man.
Player: boogey man
Old Adall: The boogey man is only a myth to scare the children and keep them away from the jungle.
Player: excalibug
Old Adall: I heard about that weapon in each and every harbour I have visited. Never heard more than rumours though.
Player: passage / trip / route / destination / sail / go
Old Adall: I can bring you either to the east end of Port Hope or to the west end of the town, where would you like to go?
Player: west / east
Old Adall: Do you seek a passage to the ( west / east ) end of Port Hope for 7 gold?
Player: no
Old Adall: Maybe another time.
Player: yes
Old Adall: Here we go!
Player: bye
Old Adall: Bye.