Player: hi
Perod: Greetings, dear Player. What do you need? I sell general equipment and distance weapons.
Player: name
Perod: I am Perod, how could you forget that, Player? We fought back-to-back in those troll caves on Rookgard a long time ago.
Player: tibia
Perod: I have travelled a lot and still I have not seen everything. So I abandoned my life as an explorer and became an employee of a trading company domiciled in Venore.
Player: king
Perod: The king is far away and yet we are still his subjects. Strange, isn't it?
Player: jungle
Perod: The jungle is full of adventures and secrets that wait to be explored. Some years ago I would have surely enjoyed that. ...
Perod: But now that I settled down here, I don't feel excited anymore by the thought of exploring an inhospitable forest full of animals that want to kill me.
Player: apes
Perod: Their occasional raids give me a chance to train my fighting skills.
Player: lizards
Perod: I bet those lizards hide some ancient treasures in their settlements.
Player: dworcs
Perod: It's the jungle variant of the orcs. I guess no matter where you go, there is always some orc waiting behind some bush, ready to thrust his blade in your body.
Player: thais
Perod: Thais lacked any prospect for a change. I quickly figured out that Venore is the place to be.
Player: venore
Perod: After I had left Thais I found a new home in Venore and I never regreted it.
Player: edron
Perod: I lived in Edron as a treasure hunter for a while, but then the place became too crowded.
Player: carlin
Perod: Carlin is a dull city with strange habits.
Player: darama
Perod: A new continent means new chances. But my days as an adventurer are over. My new chances lie in trade and commerce.
Player: darashia
Perod: My trips there were very short, I don't like the desert and I did not like that town.
Player: ankrahmun
Perod: It's one of the few cities I have never visited and no one will ever get me even close to that city of undeads and mummies.
Player: kazordoon
Perod: The hidden city of the dwarves can be quite confusing for a newcomer. I got lost there a dozen times before I became familiar with that city.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Perod: Some dwarves live in the city, you'll find them in the tavern.
Perod: The elves of Ab'Dendriel built a city seemingly out of trees. I wonder how they can stand the winter in those odd houses.
Player: ab'dendriel / elves / elfs
Perod: The elves of Ab'Dendriel built a city seemingly out of trees. I wonder how they can stand the winter in those odd houses.
Player: ferumbras
Perod: During my days as an adventurer, I was thrilled by the thought to fight him. Looking back I must say it is better that I have never met him.
Player: excalibug
Perod: Oh boy, how long have we searched for that weapon. I still wonder sometimes where it might be hidden, but I have no clue.
Player: offer
Perod: I sell equipment for your adventure as well as distance weapons! Just ask me for a trade to see my wares.
Player: bye
Perod: Good bye, Player.
Player: (vanish)
Perod: Good bye.
