Player: hi
Ustan: Crunor's blessing, traveller Player. I'm a druid teacher.
Player: name
Ustan: I am Ustan.
Player: job
Ustan: I am a druid, an explorer and a part-time teacher.
Player: teacher
Ustan: Well, my studies of the local plants and animals are not cheap and I have to earn money somehow. Therefore I teach spells to other druids for a small fee.
Player: spells
Ustan: I can teach you rune spells and instant spells. What kind of spell do you wish to learn? You can also tell me for which level you would like to learn a spell, if you prefer that.
Player: tibia
Ustan: It's a world full of wonders, isn't it?
Player: king
Ustan: As a commoner I know little about our nobility.
Player: jungle
Ustan: The jungle is fascinating and vibrant of life. There is so much to see, to learn and to discover, it's just overwhelming.
Player: apes
Ustan: I am sure we could reach an agreement of some kind with the ape people. They are for sure intelligent and might listen to reasonable arguments.
Player: lizards
Ustan: They are fascinating and alien creatures. I wonder what kind of secrets they know about and what could be discovered about them.
Player: dworcs
Ustan: Given that the orcish race is able to reproduce itself with all kinds of different humanoid creatures, it is indeed a probability that the dworcs are some crossbreed as one could assume from their name.
Player: thais
Ustan: I usually shun big cities and Thais is the biggest one of them.
Player: venore
Ustan: A rich city with mighty trade barons that have their hands in almost every business from the furthest north to the deepest south.
Player: carlin
Ustan: I studied in Carlin for a while and found its inhabitants most pleasant.
Player: edron
Ustan: I was never there. Perhaps after finishing my studies here I might travel there.
Player: darama
Ustan: The continent is of fascinating diversity. The jungle, the mountains and the desert are seperate regions but united in one marvellous continent. To understand the unity in this, is to understand the world.
Player: darashia
Ustan: It's an unremarkable settlement with people following a strange philosophy which I know little about.
Player: ankrahmun
Ustan: Those mad cultists mock life and Crunor's blessing, and their undead leaders are even worse. If I'd be a warrior instead of a scientist, I would fight the evil.
Player: kazordoon
Ustan: A city of stone, deep in the interior of the earth.
Player: dwarves / dwarfs
Ustan: Dwarves are of a different physique than humans. Actually, this is worth to become an own field of research. I wish I'd find the time for such studies, but the jungle has priority.
Player: ab'dendriel
Ustan: A marvellous city. I travelled there often while I was studying in Carlin.
Player: elves / elfs
Ustan: Elves have a different view of the world. The wars of the past hurt their collective soul, but time might heal their pain, and maybe one day they will find their way back to the gods.
Player: ferumbras
Ustan: I heard he is some powerful sorcerer
Player: excalibug
Ustan: I think the best weapon anyone could wield is the own mind.
Player: outfit / addon
Ustan: Sorry, but I can't give you any other accessories.
Player: cough syrup
Ustan: I had some cough syrup a while ago. It was stolen in an ape raid. I fear if you want more cough syrup you will have to buy it in the druids guild in Carlin.
Player: bye
Ustan: Good bye, traveller Player.
Player: bye (spells)
Ustan: May enlightenment be your path.
Player: (vanish)
Ustan: Good bye.
